our children n danger protect them with  IRP6 software 2 STOP  ISIS NOW! Watch video  
yWars Thank you for the follow, Sir. We appreciate it. 
Centennial anniversary of  genocide against  Assyrian  Armenian  Greek |  Seyfo1915  ArmenianGenocide  TimesSquare htt…
Iraqi archbishop teams up with UK pop band to release anti- ISIS anthem  
Explosions near the US consulate in Ankawa. Our photographer is at the scene.   …   De…
An emotional day at the genocide museum. 🔺🔹🔸  
Iraqi Christian hostages released by Daesh are now in kirkuk safe  Assyrians  
ISIS demanding 30 Million Dollars to free Christian Hostages.  DemandForAction  stopisis
News: ISIS demanding $30 million to free Christian hostages, Assyrian source says: Islamic State militant...   
ISIS demanding $30 million to free Christian hostages, Assyrian source says  IslamicStatemilitants  terrorism   
Iraqi forces regained control of Tikrit from ISIS.  
Iraqi forces regained control of Tikrit from ISIS    
Another 'religious freedom' bill passed by legislators, this time in Arkansas 
Unity -  Assyrian patriarch, Church of the East and Chaldean patriarch. Picture speaks 1000 words.   
Couldn't be more grateful for HH Mar Dinkha 🙏 Let us make him proud by staying strong in our faith and culture.  
HH Mar Dinkha worked so hard with other brother and sister churches such as the Chaldean, Syriac and 7th day. 
He was always surrounded by those who loved him, and he loved us in return. Rest in paradise HH Mar Dinkha IV   
RIP HH Mar Dinkha IV 1935-2015 Patriarch of  ACEO We share this great loss with who knew the grace &amp; leadership of HH http:/…
Praying with the Assyrian Church of the East as they mourn today's passing of HH Mar Dinkha IV. To him Mercy &amp; Peace. h…
I hope you can look down on us with the same smile, Kessi. We hope to make you proud.   
Hea  Breaking day for the Arizona Assyrian Youth. Rip HH Mar Dinkha. You and your holiness will be missed. 💔😔🙏  
Beautiful  Assyrian town of Alqosh, Iraq.  FreeAssyria   
Assyrian relief showing an  Assyrian soldier underwater with a breathing apparatus. My ppl were way too cool.  
We have lost another warrior today. RIP Ashur Namrud  FreeAssyria  
Assyrian Christians hold ISIS demonstration in  Phoenix:    
God Bless!  DemandForAction  demandbetter  StopIsis  
The demonstration story will air at 6 p.m. tonight! Thank…
Great Job Guys! ❤️❤️  DemandForAction  DemandBetter  StopIsis  FreeAssyria
Delegation of Arizona Assyrians speaking on   about the plight of the Assyrians of Syria and Iraq  
FreeAssyria
Thank you for the follow! ❤️ We greatly appreciate it. ❤️    Assyrians  StopIsis  DemandForAction  DemandBetter
Bulldozing of ancient Assyrian city Nimrud by Islamic State condemned by UN, US   (PIC:  )   
ISIS Bulldozing of Ancient Nimrud Site in Iraq Stirs Outrage    
Thank you for the love ❤️
The Assyrian Royal Cou 
Isis just destroyed 3,300 years of history 
Interview with released Assyrian Christian Hostage   we cannot go home   
45 Followers. ❤️
Thank you   for giving us a follow ❤️
3/4: Join  , founder of  AIFD for 'Situation in  Syria' forum. Free Event RSVP: 
40 followers ❤️🙏  StopIsis  DemandforAction
📷 -    
This was taken in Chicago.  FreeAssyria  
35 Followers! ❤️❤️
Beautiful day to Pray for the hostages kidnapped by ISIS.  DemandForAction  DemandBetter
God Bless All for your suppo . ❤️🙏  StopIsisNow
Please share this page so we fight as one to stop this non sense. No more! We want no more!
stopisis  demandbetter  DemandForAction  
Candlelight vigil being held at Foothills Park for Assyrian Christians abducted by ISIS.  Glendale  12News  
Valley church holds vigil for Christian Assyrians abducted.
Arm us all so we can at least defend ourselves WHEN we get invaded!!
meant no long bk
's account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the Twitter Media Policy. Learn more.

KIK STA  AGAIN?!!!!??
sorry LOWKY u didnt make it easy by vanishing but ye MY BAD
we are on the same mission, and I'm in it till the end. Ending the  ISIS nightmare. 
★   respect brother that is what we're about. .race colour ethnicity means shit we are ALL at risk by  ISIS that's impo ant ★
“   
“  If you suppo  us, then show it   
then we'll stop them  
New pics posted
Got a go folks left sum pics for u all :)

.  
thank u lets kick some ass !!!! ISIS ass !


like? ?
ok is this better ?
ok is this better ?   That's it brother good one 
I no u think pic  does nowt m8,bt it shows who all against ISIS that's all  isnt that positive :) 
| Be sure to look me up during and after your tour. I'll be here.
whn I return id be happy 2 meet u all n raise a pint n success. If I dnt return remember my passion as I wna b jihad  js kiila
anything familiar to anons kwl bt mby one day u will get there ie profit pic hahs
I changed my back ground pic. Is that good ?
thanks, sta ed off feeling u werent on the same page bt a fellow sniper so I respect that. I have great aim so run ISIS 
I challenge JIHADI JOHN 2 FIGHT ME ONE ON ONE LOSER BEHEADED.HES NO IDEA WAT IM CAPABLE OF AND THE WORLD IS RID OF THE PRICK
I hope to pick off many isis scum
first thing u said ive smiled at respect. Just dont take shit like u usn pic serious. Shows a collection of ppl nt individus
|Former Sniper/Spotter 3 tours...Good Luck my friend!
****U FOLLOWING ME?**** adopt my profile pic it shows u suppo  and we are a group as opposed to individuals
u didnt bother reading other tweets as I'm going to Syria to train in higher level sniper shooter I ain't sum teenager

this new iPhone has awful small buttons haha so excuse any mistakes made lol
man d better step up then if my ain't cumin over as I no what am talking bout hahshs.ryt forget pics fr nw ye
I don't best bout the bush so il say it, u sta ed thiz argument if u call it that   
how did a conversation about changing pics turn into this
exactly bro my new tweet says just that
basically fuk our petty difference were meant to be all for one against isis its goin slowly of topic
world peace am i right
so what u saying put bros sis pics up? Look man u ant forced into anything. Dnt wana use np why u keep on it?^^world peace
who u talking bout brother
I aint feeling wachula we clash. Bt u see ny point, we've bigger enemy.fk our differences focus man 
u ask many  ppl and most will agree we can reach mre ppl as a group. Stll free 2 tlk so ur point is?
I already stated im a Scotland man so no have never ever forgot who I am.i think ur on the wrong page
me10853    u want individuals not a group that's quite obvious. This group can reach more ppl is tht nt good
ur taking it out of context
I want different opinions from members but it's simply a picture to say look I agree with this group
yes but one man can't reach the amount we can United. I see ur point bt its simply showing ur pa 
so we stick to this one ye? No rush    ill tel my follwers n use the same see hw many bother listen to
now I think I agree I prefer the one I have. What u all think?




I have a few anon pics ill pst n we vote if that fair?
that's it weeman get isis told  
ur pic fine bro any anon mask wil do I shuda maby added that incase others also assume
does interest u at all sta ing a group bt unlike EDL make it open to all races? I attempted telling them,blancked 
if I'm lucky too return we will meet enjoy an Ice cold beer and I can tell u just hw they were taken down (hopefully)
All my following peeps and those of  use similar anon pics fr profile. Ur badge shows ur  pa  of a resistance
I have sum sniper exp so if I show my skills ilb hopefully picking off rag heads fr fun.only ppl id sufer no remorse for
are now a terrorism group meaning no UK return if theyy cn prove I had ties.waz 2weeks on Monday leaving. Nw awaiting new terms
spoke to rojava group months bak had to answer questions ect.just got funds to cover kennels for dog n 4days bk hear ypg
As a scotsman u no im digging BRAVEHEA 
soz mean ppl ask why im goin to syria wen im Scottish :)
fiil me in bro this is the first im hearing and  u no as a scotsman im willing to help
as BRAVEHEA  VS ISIS PFFFT NO CONTEST
bravehea  Wat we shud unites
wen I say ii have to fight I simply mean sat drinking tea reading the sun dsnt sit right. I must an am a passionate scotsman :)
why aren't u? What, u rather wait till ther here n we defend with what, forkks n knifes???NO end it before it reaches tht bad 
so I will join the dakesh fight alongside American,Germans ect I have too.ppl ask why u going to fight there,ur Scottish? I ask... 
rep each other reach more ppl?
cheers bro
u want me tweet ur name n u do mine . reach ppl we otherwise wouldn't.anon ill keep Don urs daily and at least two days at latest
apologies im bit tipsy hence grammar ;-)
world full stop so much aggression I. Think they all own babydiks so the tskes anger out on the world :-D:-D
az ther lifeit's to backward.u left the world to them;visit 50 years afta....fuk all progress. No. Place in modern
RAPE DEATH LIVIN LIKE ITS THE 1800'S THE SHAVEDHEED N BEARD FR EXAMPLE.BAKWRDS JUST AS THEY ARE.BY THT I MEAN
**MY FOLLOWERS LISTEN****  FOLLOW    AND    THANKU WE MUST CONQUER THE PPL WHO HAVECONTRIBUTED FK ALL T OUR WORLD BUT..
&amp;^^^^^^checking correct spelling
they are in cahoots to give European rebels position to isis a sik deal to get ther guys back safely.nw its dawkesh (ye cnt b asd)
respect buddy  I don't just say it meaningless total appreciate. vital thngs hppnd.i joined YPG soon but hv found out legitimately

URGENT: 1 day until the FCC's vote on  NetNeutrality and Congress is trying to derail it. Join the  InternetCountdown ht…
goodnight brothers
follow plz folks
ill say your famous bro ;)
Lowkey's Home Raided &amp; All Arabic Writing Confiscated:   **TOLD YALL LOWKEY IS JIHADIJOHN!!!!!!
can u ask ur followers to follow me l do same in return
I had 10 notification with myself tagged whatz happened bro lol
im on ur side man  
bro whys my name gon around is it good bad, what? 
So hold up wats this about?
Ain't a nuke on is is wayyy overdue, kill innocent ppl? Sure, way more perish at isis hands if left to it tho gota think logical 
sits in excited anticipation
cant help ask a fellow scot, opinion on ISIS/JIHADI JOHN :-D:-D:-D 
Divorced, Beheaded, Died, Divorced, Beheaded, Survived. That's how I remember who I went to Journalism School with. 
plz   once viewed thanks
Ur stupid. U call ne racist yet im simply responding to the threats to kill me due to my race religious beliefs looool u for REAL FAM! WOW
is needed
all I hr is no 1 listens wen edl purely as they come over racist wen not all members are ye sum r I no.a group for any rce
ISIS Hurls Gay Men Off Buildings, Stones Them: Analysts 
Save embarrassing uurself yall no l.jinny takn off list of suspects as jihadi Jon? Wen its confirmd its low key remember who told ya tym ago
also hes got mad love for Israel. Funny no direct attack on them wonder why :-D
and universitie he supposedly at no record he arrived or signed up. .after u research u come let me no ur opinion. Im 99% sure
Obama r just the  tip of iceberg. Remember beheading clip also   msg to America   and he gve up promising music career disapeard 
faces and the eyes never changed was mysteriously deleted from my Google+ page.songs lyk    msg to America   im bakk and 1 on 
heres whr I at, l jinny no longer a suspect . go research lowkey rappr thers so much to say yes hes john.viid merging both 
yo tommy wat cause u fighting these days?u fancy having a group like the edl u sta ed bt many nationalities
Reply2 theridiculous dm, I follow edl groups as who better understands my feelngs than fellow uk ppl fightng the Same fight. Hows tht racist 
Can u ppl plz   my tweets spread the word were stronger together
Until I see video footage showing myself hypnotised ll forever and cry SCAM LOL
Raised to kill.
so can any isis follower tell me why the way they live is so much better and why so convncd upon dyin thy will gain so much
I am ann atheist,livng a gr8 lyf, no ancient war to involve my ass in, or Daily debates on which religion is best.and at death nt gng 2 hell 
Jjihadi John? ?? Pfffft seen harder men roll out the pub in Scotland at weekends :-D
if a Muslim hates isis as much as me hes a brother plain n simple
ethnicity shdnt come into it when were stronger against isis as a team not defined into race class
***UNMASKED JIHADI JOHN***


Graphic yes.....but isis did commit such heinous acts...NEVER FORGET. .....R.I.P HENNINNG  
R.I.P SOTLOFF  
Soon WE HOPE @ ALL GOVERNMENTS  
R.I.P BROTHERS KENJI GOTO  
R.I.P HAINES  

Ill follow both EDL accounts and MUSLIMS AGAINST ISIS AS WE ALL HAVE AN ENEMY WE SHARE
EDL  SDL I spoke to vast amounts of ppl and the message was clear more would listen to u and sum join if u simply had more nationalitys
Follow this site if u are ANTI-ISIS RELIGION OR ETHNICITY HAS NO BEARING ON UR STANCE AGAINST SUCH BRUTAL WEIRDOS!!!
DOESN'T MATTER HOW MUCH TIME PASSES THIS AND OTHER MURDERS TOOK PLACE!!!!!  
OR ETHNICITY/RELIGION ECT WE MUST STAND AS ONE.ISIS HAS IN ONE WAY OR ANOTHER DID UR COUNTRY HARM. UNITE
FOLLOW THIS ONLINE PETITION IF UR OPPOSED TO ISIS REGARDLESS OF UR NATIONALITY

NEVER TO LATE TO STA  UP A CAUSE IF THE CAUSE IS AGAINST ISIS  

great source. 😆
Turkey is suppo ing  IS. Everybody knows that.  doubleagenda  TurkeyThugs
.   TwitterKurds Looks like Sultan Erdogon is looking to occupy Iraqi Kurdistan Maybe expand Turkish borders? https…
STOP ERDOGAN!!!!!!
Turkey:Turkish PM says all streets of Kurdistan should be cleansed frm Kurds demanding 4 rights? Ethnic cleansing?   
All towns he mentions to cleanse are 90% HDP voters who demand 4 Kurdish rights &amp;   asks for genocide https:…
U.S.-led coalition conduct 22 air strikes on  ISIS    
Kurds Killing IS Fighters 'In Large Numbers'  
Update: 3 ISIS suicide car bombs exploded in Kurdish-Assyrian town of Tall Tamir; 20 people killed.  Syria via ANHA https:/…
The Guardian view on Donald Trump’s Islamophobia: no sense of decency | Editorial  
DonaldTrump doing business with  Muslims. Can we ban that too?  idiot  
you're guilty of war propaganda
'Mock them for the idiots they are': Anonymous plans 'trolling day' against  ISIS    
Breaking: The Turkish jets hit the PKK positions in Qandil as Iraq's deadline to Ankara for pulling back new deployed Tur…
I believe turning blind eyes to genocide, lumping entire groups of ppl together, &amp; blaming victims are the highest forms of … 
Jordan has stranded 12k  SyrianRefugees in the wintry dese  w/ limited aid; humanitarian crisis on the brink   http…
IS born and raised in decades of  war,  to ure and  rape. Not your every day  jihadist. 
former  american  YPG fighter
BREAKING:Turkish foreign minister told Iraqi counterpa  that deployment of Turkish soldiers to Iraq has stopped.
ISIS and Alqaeda suppo ers' demo in  istanbul,  Turkey. If Kurds or oppositions grps were in the same place they would be … 
I asked Trump's campaign how exactly he planned to screen against Muslim tourists. No response there.  
Historic Kurdish Mosque built in the beginning of 1500' was burnt by  Turkey' occupier forces attacks in  Kurdistan https:/…
RoberFisk explains  IS as  weapon of  SaudiArabia.  MustSee!  
Look at these anti war people attacking   , these people think you can negotiate with ISIS:   
@ _com: ‘Everyone knows what’s going on’: Istanbul residents on Turkey-ISIS oil trade    
Our (UK) alliance with  Turkey stops us promoting the  Kurds success against  Daesh says    TwitterKurds  https:…
Considering a name change. Maybe add  antiErdogan
No solution possible thanks to  Erdogan. Not now not later.  
Asking  Turkey. What about the trucks 'smuggling'  oil? First time I like  Putin.
: What a difference a day makes! From Murder to Muslims
SanBernadinoShooting act of terrorism.  IslamistExtremist
Three kinds of people return home after joining the Islamic State. They must all be treated differently:  
Almost all world united against ISIS jihadi barbarians but only  Turkey and  Qatar side with them and supply weapons fir bo…
Hardly any news on the  SanBernadinoShooting in  Europe
IS would be wiped away in days if the international community would seriously back up the  kurds.  actnow  YPG
Fierce clashes between Kurds  YPG and Jihadis (Nusra+Ahrar) on Castillo road in  Aleppo.  Syria
Video:   of  Syria honored with CPJ's International Press Freedom Awards.  IPFA    
One of our member called    Ibrahim    and another friend called   Fares   was found slaughtered in their house in Urfa   
This is the citizen journalist group defying IS by repo ing straight from within their territory. Mad courage. https:…
Muslims in NYC have been spat on, assaulted. told   go home   after Paris attacks. via   
The anti-Islam group that took guns to an Irving mosque has published the home addresses of dozens of local Muslims  
Muslimah walking to the mosque followed by an armed protestor in Texas.
The world is running out of water:    
BREAKING: Putin: Russia is ready to closely cooperate with France in fight against terrorism via   
The UK prime minister says it's Britain's moral duty to sta  bombing Syria    
Syria: Russians prepare for an intensified air attacks/bombarding on Jihadi/Rebel positions along Turkish border.
Our   colleague Mohammed Rasool still detained in Turkey. It's been nearly 3 mos. Turkey must  FreeRasool. https:…
Turkey releases audio of warnings that pilots of downed Russian bomber allegedly ignored:    
Of course INDIA is TOLERANT ! If you disagree I will KILL YOU !!    And there you have it !! What nonsense !!   
See the best 13 photos of the week   📷  
Under  Iraq’s Sinjar,  ISIS militants built network of tunnels 
Anti-Islam group publishes addresses of Muslims and 'Muslim sympathisers'  
ISIS fighters use  Captagon amphetamine pills to stay awake,  Turkey just seized 11 million of them   
Is a  Russia-Turkey war on the horizon after airspace ‘breaches?’:    
Russian airstrikes target Turkish convoy of 20 trucks in no hwestern Syrian town of Azaz,  Rojava. 
Russia says second pilot of downed Su-24 jet has been rescued and is safe at Russian base in Syria - Interfax  
@ _com: BREAKING: Russia deploys missile cruiser off Syria coast, ordered to destroy any target posing danger   
@ _com: Russia deploys missile cruiser off Syria coast, ordered destroy any target posing danger 
ISIL militants killed 4 people in an attack on a hotel in Egypt's No h Sinai where election judges were staying https:/…
12 people dead and a dozen more wounded after an explosion that targeted a bus carrying presidential guards in  Tunisia'…
do you have an a icle on that?
1in5Muslims pa icipate in  Movember.  4in5Muslims pa icipate in  Decembeard
Mislead by the Sun.   via    thesun  survey
ISIS must be destroyed  Obama says in news conference with French President  Hollande LIVE:   h…
Dutch a icle on  Peshmerga leaving  Kurdistan:    
UPDATE:  Russian defense ministry says views actions of Turkish air force towards Russian jet as unfriendly act - https:…
Pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb UK shopping mall    
isis is no islam
ISIS Tripoli province post photos of its 'police' demolishing Sufi shrines -   vand…
“ ISIS has launched a brutal attack on Iraq. It attacks our history and civilization 
Win or lose Tikrit, Isis can only be defeated in Iraq by the Sunni   
BREAKING:  Obama:  Netanyahu offered no 'viable alternative' to Iran talks  NetenyahuSpeech  
+18 [VIDEO] Iraqi Shiite Militia and Army execute 15 year old Sunni boy in  Iraq  twitterkurds    Tikr…
US Official on Iran's help in Tikrit fight:   Any geography taken from ISIL is a good thing”   http:/… 
BREAKING
Iraq State TV: Operation to retake  Saddam Hussein's hometown from  ISIS begins  
By liberating 2 IS strongholds  YPG ensures security of Qamishli &amp; other Kurdish cities &amp; Sinjar. Huge blow for IS  
Iraq reopens  Baghdad museum 12 years after looting    
Assyrians hold solidarity march in  Beirut    
infidels made me laugh  lol  no2violence  ISIS_down
amazing  footage on peacefully rejecting  Muslim  extremism in  Australia .  no2violence  nosendthemtosyria
That is the spirit aisha! We wish u all the best!
Stop fool ! That's a radiator ! Brilliant ca oon on ISIS (via   and  )   
Children singing at Newroz celebration/protest outside Silêmanî, 1920's. Legendary Pîremêrd standing next to them   
ISIS under pressure as  Kurds take Syrian town -    
agreed
Judaism is a lot wiser and a lot older than the state of Israel    Palestine  Israel 
US spy chief:  Turkey more concerned with  Kurds than fighting  ISIS  
Til hamis liberated, YPG and allies advance from west, east and south to cleanse ISIS from remaining pa s of Cezire http:/… 
Congrats to  daesh for their victory!  no2daesh  no2isis  ca oon  isisdestroys  isislosers  
are you guilty of things done in the name of Christianity
so Germany can't condemn Isis? I mean, they've had their moments in the past? This is ridiculous. 
that's like saying muslims can not condemn  daesh
Danish fighter has joined the Kurdish forces in  Syria against Isis. The Kurds fight is also my fight 
BREAKING:  ISIS takes control over the contested town of al-Baghdadia,  Anbar province, the provincial council of Anbar s… 
thanks for the suppo , but we might just agree on the fact that we are against ISIS  No2ISIS 
Did  ISIS just destroy the last remaining reason why we should not bomb  Mosul?  annihilate  daesh
daesh  isisdestroys  a ifacts in  mosul  museum. Well done boys, your illiterate baboon followers'll be impressed. 
We head to Copenhagen to investigate the aftermath of the attacks. What we found:  
Gubba in eastern  Libya today mourns 47 victims of the cowardly terror attacks that  ISIS claimed responsibility for http:/…
'Exponential rise' in  Syria war crimes, crimes against humanity: UN probe   
195 villages of  Kobane are liberated by  YPG and allies  twitterkurds  Kurdistan  Syria  ISIS
YPG have liberated 242 villages. 19 of which are pa  of  Raqqa province.  TwitterKurds    …
OPINION: Jordan,  Egypt and  ISIS -  A tale of vengeance. Columnist   writes:    
Back online.
Radical Muslim cleric Anjem Choudary has been arrested in London:    
ISIS booby-trapping roads and using  Ezidi women captives as ‘human shields’  twitterkurds   http…
Why ISIS fighters ‘prefer to be killed by men’    
Kurdish women making bread,  Kurdistan  TwitterKurds   
Syria:  IS is destroying the Armenian ma yrs church in  Deir_ezzor province
IKEA donates $2.5 million wo h of mattresses, quilts, pillow, covers &amp; other beddings to  UNHCR.  Kurdistan  Iraq   
Stop the genocide in  Kobane 
ISIS seize 16 Kurdish villages in no hern  Syria — major advance towards the city of Kobane, at the border with... http… 
ma yrs funeral in Kobani.  TwitterKurds  
Islamic State has gone underground in Syria since Obama authorized air strikes:    
We tolerated them before… but now we will take our revenge.   
ISIS draws a steady stream of recruits from  Turkey. Why is US turning a blind eye to this?
British PM David Cameron says  UK will continue to suppo  the  Kurds against  ISIS by providing them with arms... http:/…
Iraq — Teachers in Mosul have been told by  ISIS to attend schools — teach an extremist curriculum or face consequences,… 
Sma  one    ISIS is not Islam, period!   
Germany bans all  ISIS-related activity.  
COME ON WORLD.  endDaesh  endisis  now
Obama promises to destroy ISIS in wake of beheading of British hostage  
Video appears to show Islamic State beheading British hostage David Haines  
'Islamic State' is a slur on our faith, say leading Muslims  ISIS   
Australia — In an anti-ISIS campaign, Australia is set to deploy 600 troops to join the US-led international coalition a… 
300 days ago, Daesh abducted Dr Ismaïl Al Hamed  Raqqa. He is still missing. 
Indonesia arrests four Turks over  ISIL link    
Sec. Kerry, after landing in Paris tonight, called President of Kurdistan Region Masud Barzani to discuss our common figh… 
Another truck load of  ISIS terrorists captured in battle in  Engeja.  Peshmerga  Kurdistan  Twitterkurds  
Kurdish MP Vian  Dakhil calls for arming the  Kurdish Yezidis as a pa  of effo s to defend the  Yezidis.

yes I know. Wishful thinking.  AlBaghdadi photo is either  fake or  old.

shame
URGENT: ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi allegedly killed by US airstrikes    ISIS  
that is incorrect. Hoshyer is welcoming the international coalition.
I hope this is true!!
add an anti  ISIS repo  button.  We should be able to easily repo   IS  Daesh accounts spreading  hate!!!!!  getwiththeprogram
Is ‘Burn  ISIS Flag Challenge’ the new Ice Bucket?    
. There will be a protest tomorrow in Brussels (Luxemburgplein) from 12:30 to 16:30 for the stolen &amp; raped Yezidi women. Pleas…
IS commander Abo Bashar Mitewti, responsibe for abductions of Yezidi women, killed in U.S. air strikes 
More images of bodies found in the Tigris River from the 1700 massacred at  Speicher Base in June.  Iraq  
Iraq's foreign minister Hoshyar Zebari welcomes an international coalition against  ISIS. He said   we have...   
Trying to Rebuild a Kurdish Defense Force   1/2
Just heard my dad is being sent to the frontlines. He hasn't been to war since   serdemi shax  . May allah protect him &amp; all pe… 
British  Imams warn against ‘cowboy’  ISIS - Al Arabiya News  
URGENT: American planes drop leaflets warning Mosul residents to stay away from  ISIS headqua ers before bombing http:/…
BreakingNews: Repo s: Iraqi army begins offensive on  ISIS in Tikrit
HRW:  ISIS using cluster bombs in Syria    
BLOCK THIS  HATE Account.  NOW.  StopISIS  online and shut them up.  retweet
👏 well said
Team  jolie. 3million  refugees is not another statistic. It is a searing indictment of our collective  failure to end the  war in  Syria.   
Baba Yar 1941 woman sits on corpses &amp; holds child close as  Ukraine solder of SS Galichina kills both  Jew  Nazi  
Isis YouTube video shows 'execution of 250 Syrian soldiers'
New picture of 3 Belgians who joined  IS in June: Lucas Van Hessche, Olivier Calebout &amp; Abdelmalek Boutalliss. (1/3) ht… 
American woman is being held hostage in Syria  
One of the Iraqi policeman executed by ISIS was Sunni. Jihadi calls him   Sahwa   &amp;   apostate   for fighting alongside the… 
SaudiArabia busts cell of  ISIS recruiters 
RubbleBucketChallenge no  water let alone electricity for  ice.  Solidarity is called for.
Norwegian Muslims rally against Islamic militants    
Hi   I don't think I'm the person you should follow. I'm not against muslims, I'm against extremists/ISIS/hate. Good day 
NO COMMENT.kurdish fighter on tank seized from  ISIS  TwitterKurds  Syria  YPG  
Little Yezidi refugee.  StopYezidiGenocide  
thank you.
how do you know this is Pakistan? Thanks.
correct threat would be: you are DEAD. No worries mate. Honest mistake
Sony network hacked, exec's flight dive ed   
Save the women and children of  Amirli  Amerli from the massacre by  ISIS  IS
BreakingNews  Libyan sources confirm that Islamist militias have entered  Tripoli airpo   
ISIS is loosing ground in  Kurdistan,  Iraq and  Syria thats why organizing suicide car bombs in several places today  Twi… 
YPG spokesman   announces killing of ISIS prince Abu Omar Daria in Jazaa near Iraq border  TwitterKurds  YPG  
buddha  quotes  
Breaking — Iraqi revolutionary battalion, Sunni group, has controlled a pa  of Baiji Oil Refinery located in Salahaddin… 
Today,  IS has destroyed a temple belonging to the Kakai (Yarsan) religious minority in Tel al-Leban, a village in the… 
70 and counting
Update: At least 70 ISIS militants killed in  Syria clashes   
Opinion by Abdulrahman al-Rashed:   ISIS is now chasing the Surooris 
The   has announced the death toll in the 3.5 year  syriancivilwar is 191,396 +    … 
I'm looking for objective a icles on  assad and the  syrian  war.  AssadCrimes  syria  shareknowledge
Raqqa:  ISIS terrorist butcher   Abu Sarah Harbi   killed near  Tabqa Airbase.  Syria &amp; reached to hell.  NO2ISIS   
not taken. Under attack.
ISIS surrounded  Amerli The only relief comes in the form of helicopter supply runs.Shia Turkmen @ real risk of genocide …
Breaking News on Iraqiya: ISIS are now launching on attack on besieged Turkmen town of Amerli  SaveAmerli  Iraq  
Iraq; 5 suspected  ISIS militants who sneaked into  Karbala with displaced families were arrested, according to Governor… 
so am I. For too long we have been listening to the horrors of  IS. Now it's time to listen to people do good.
I think you'll enjoy following  
Iraqi refugee girl crying,she didn't get a doll during toy distribution. Bought her new doll today.   http:… 
Ridiculous that Kurds are fighting richest most well-armed terrorists in world while Baghdad has cut off our budget
Iraqi Yazidi child refugee. He left his home to escape murderous ISIS. Wearing MAN U top in a refugee camp .   http:…
bravo!
Breaking  Peshmerga Forces liberate Ain Helwa village 15 Knm from Zummar  UniteForKurdistan
super proud. Really impressed by the collaboration that's created by these savages. Be safe while kicking ass.
it's happening. This  press officer recently on   doc. Now presumed dead.  StopIS  
thank you for retweeting.
Sources: Fighter jets have sta ed pounding  IS positions in the town of  Suleiman Beg,  Saladin province. 
Anbar provincial council announces the sta  of tribal revolution against  IS and killing 30 members of the...  
This is  Amerli. Resisting  ISIS attacks the past 70 days! Courage. Loyalty. Honor.  NO2ISIS  Iraq  
ISIS not just killing all Christians, Yazidis and Kurds but they are killing anyone they feel goes against Islam. 
Ayatollah Sadiq Al-Shirazi opens center to aid  Sinjar residents that fled  ISIS terror.  Iraq  NO2ISIS  
These 3 men are the only male survivors of an IS mass execution in their village of  Kocho, last friday  Iraq (1/4) http:/… 
MosulDam taken over by  Peshmerga and  Iraqi_Golden_Brigade_Special_Forces   
82 year old Khalil walked 3 days to save his grandson from ISIS. They only have each other now.  StopYezidiGenocide  
Palestinians flee homes as  Israel raids  Gaza    
ISIS  IS Hier de hele VICE-repo (42 min) vanuit de Islamic State:  
Cameron warns  ISIS could come to  Britain’s streets    
the  conflict of  ISIS put into  maps  photos  videos.    share and spread  Knowledge
Barely a couple of hundred km no h of the ISIS carnage, Kurdish women are authoring an uplifting story.   http:/… 
Incomplete a icle by   on the four things you need to know about  IS.  disappointed
BREAKING - Iraq’s main Shiite coalition wants to replace Maliki with deputy parliament speaker (Reuters)  
A lady brought this with her &amp; said:   I've been there. I know what they need.    Twitterkurds  KSC_KCF  Refugee  ISIS   
500  Yazidis killed, buried in mass grave by ISIS   
I ask   . What exactly do you as a company do to  find  block  ban accounts that spread  fear and  hatred.  responsible  twitter
Caesar   risked his life to share with us 55,000 photos of Assad's  to ure. These war crimes must stop  Stand… 
FM: France looking at supplying Iraqi Kurds with arms  TwitterKurds 
. Hope they got arrested. the   suppo er   of  ISIS in  holland enjoys the  benefits of the west.  twofaced  cowards. 
Pro- ISIS tweep tweets against  propatria march, from 'Dar al-Kufr Hollanda'. In case we doubted their sentiments tw thi… 
Anti- ISIS anti- jihad march in  TheHague clashes with pro-ISIS locals. Repo s of stones, bricks &amp; fireworks thrown by … 
ISIS suppo er in  Holland? Arrest m on the spot, take their passpo  &amp; drop m in their beloved  IS.  disgusted 
' Kurdistan's Defence Force' - Unprecedented pan-Kurdish force from all 4 pa s fighting side by side against ISIS.  History…
Peshmerga regaining initiative,expelling ISIS from Gwer &amp; Makmour west of Irbil.US strikes disrupting ISIS forces, but thr… 
I reassure people of Kurdistan that victory is ours.   Twitterkurds
PDKI PeshmergaForces cleaning up the frontline. Discipline &amp; cleanliness is impo ant in war  Twitterkurds  Kurdistan  
We consider this fight, our fight because it is a fight for freedom   says, Laurent Fabius, France's foreign minister.  T… 
+21 Graphic: defenceless Yezidi beheaded by ISIS terrorists, all he had was a bottle of water.  StopYezidiGenocide   
This is what ISIS is doing to Ezidis!
UK Channel 4 repo  that Yezidi Kurds are being buried alive in  Sinjar after being labeled 'infidel' by terrorist  ISIS…
The  YazidiGenocide opens the eyes of young  Europe when it comes to the intense  cruelty of  ISIS.  StopISIS
ISIS killed 500 Yazidis, buried some alive incl women and children - Iraq   
Kurdistan: Peshmerga forces have recaptured Gwer from the  IS.  TwitterKurds
ISIS beheading children in Iraq children murdered in  Gaza what has the world come to and the so called humanity is watchin…
600 Yezidi Kurds find refuge in Silopi (Turkey), Kurds there build a camp 4 them &amp; put 400 more in apa ments:   
A Kurdish journalist lost her life repo ing from the frontline against ISIS. Here is Deniz Fırat's last footage:  
YPG warns  Yezidi people in Sinjar that  ISIS trying to hunt them down by posing friendly &amp; holdng  Ocalan posters  …
You're right. Do u have any updates on Mosul Dam?
4 ISIS members killed by YPG(YBŞ) in Sulke village near Shengal.  TwitterKurds
Human Rights Office in Iraq reveals that ISIS have been burying hundreds of children and young people alive in Mosul. ht…
Amirli Town - Loyalty. Sacrifice. Commitment. It has been under siege but still going strong in resisting  ISIS.  
💪💪💪💪 let's get these idiots.  stopISIS
Protests in  Baghdad suppo ing  Maliki for 3rd term. I hope one day I get to see protests asking for resignations.  
Interested in the unprecedented coverage on  ISIS by  .
BBC News - Who, What, Why: Who are the Yazidis?   
Inciting murder &amp; hate speech is against any terms &amp; conditions ISIS accounts such as   should be banned,  … 
U.S. launches 3 airstrikes; officials say involvement will be limited  
Death of Omar AL-Shishani, one of the  ISIL leaders by  Peshmarga forces.   
haha. was quite obvious. Can't be too sure nowadays.
hoe lang zit je daar al?
Christian refugees in  erbil are happy with  US air strikes, but 'should have been done earlier' they say.  ISIS  IS 
Peshmerga saying US plane is on it's way to  Khazer. Where we are now. Soldiers in front line told to get back hundreds of…
fake  ISIS is good at  photoshop
This is Jamah and Maleka. Their father got killed in  Mosul Now they're in a refugee camp.  
Strikes are too close to peshmerga frontline. Lots of shooting in background now.  isis
Someone said to me they thought ISIS flag resembled the Al Jazeera logo! I suggested that may be because they didn'…
Don't mistake those still in Mosul as being 'pro-ISIS' - so many people lost abt what to do.Roads scary,refugee camps full in… 
BREAKING: PKK fighters and Peshmerga forces repelled IS attack near Makhmur and killed two IS militants and captured four…
sign the  petition to let  UN  US  help the Yezidis of  Kurdistan prevent  ISIS  genocide  StopISIS
BREAKING: Sources: Peshmerga forces are advancing in Khazir-Hassan Sham front in  Mosul.
sign the  petition to let  UN  US  help the Yezidis of  Kurdistan prevent  ISIS  genocide  StopISIS
Watch   on CNN yesterday, calling for a strong international response to prevent fu her brutality from IS http… 
Leader: ISIS is ‘Systematically Beheading Children' in 'Christian Genocide'   via  
Protest in Brussels for the Yezidi genocide. Mood was very sad/angry, even one of the security guys was crying.   
yup
sign the  petition to let  UN  US  help the Yezidis of  Kurdistan prevent  ISIS  genocide  StopISIS
sign the  petition to let  UN  US  help the Yezidis of  Kurdistan prevent  ISIS  genocide  StopISIS please  share
Yazidi Kurdish children are dying of thirst and hunger on Sinjar mountains. No more words for tragedy  
Ongoing clashes btween  HPG  PKK and  ISIS gangs near Maxmur camp in  South Kurdistan  IRaq
4 ISIS members killed by YPG between Ziyarat and Beyadhe village west of Kobani.  TwitterKurds
Obama authorizes airstrikes in no h Iraq  
Yesterday 68 of Yazidi Kurds trapped on sinjar mountains died because of hunger and heat    ISIL  ISIS…
: 35-50,000 Iraqi Yazidis are trapped in mountains by ISIS. World totally silent: 
40,000 of Iraqi Yazidis displaced by  ISIS forces into mountains. 
Dehydrated Yazidi Kurdish boy on Shengal (Sinjar) mountains, possibly will die soon, Please Help.    … 
via   must read! Help  Kurdistan
Dutch-Iraqi ISIS fighter “Abu Abdurahman al-Iraqi” has stirred controversy by beheading 5 Jabhat al-Nusra &amp; Islamic Fro…
New footage shows abu abdurahman al iraqi in front of more heads  
Israeli airstrike in Khan Younis kills Hamas figure, 26 others (including at least 12 women and children)   
incredible that you fail to post the link to donate for poor  Raju.  yousuck
The moment this Al-Baghdadi bastard prepares to attack on the grave of Sheikh Abdul Qadir Jilani I request my... http:…
Gunmen attack Kenya's coast, killing at least 13   
Israeli airstrikes hit 10 sites in Gaza Strip  
Iranian pilot killed fighting in Iraq, state media repo    
Share this because the mainstream media will not.  
How  ISIS is winning the online war for  Iraq   
haha idiots
Barzani:   He told me, you watch over Kurdistan and our regions are under our control  . 
Barzani:   We had intelligence about pre-planned attacks on  Mosul 6 months ago. I personally informed Maliki  .  TwitterK… 
Footage of President  's speech will be broadcasted on  Rudaw sho ly.
In 30 min., Kurdistan Regional Government   
Did you know that  Turkey @ _Erdogan gets paid by   petrol &amp; suppo   ISIS to kill Kurds in Syria!  Twitter…
How can you to ure and kill a child as retaliation. You are todays  hitler.  IsraelDemandsRevenge  israel  palestine  palestineteen
where can we see the speech?
Kurdish woman from Colemarg. No h  Kurdistan.  TwitterKurds  
Deadly violence spirals in  Israel after Palestinian youth, Israeli teens killed 
Video: Iraqi forces were asked to withdraw from Saudi, Syria borders   
President and VP nominations finalized by Kurdistan Alliance -  
Leave the kids out of it.  IsraeliTeenagers  palestineteen  no2violence  revenge  eye4eye
Palestinian teen kidnapped and killed in suspected ‘revenge attack’    Israel  Palestine  
Palestijnse jongen vermoord nabij Jeruzalem, politie vermoedt 'vergelding' voor moord op 3 Israëlische jongens -   
what a surprise
Turkish policy towards Iraq is clear and we against the division of Iraq  , Deputy PM of Turkey    T… 
er: Tony Blair:   I'm hesitant to call for his [Maliki's] removal.   But   there is a huge desire to get a government that is … 
Hey  ISIS , why have you shat on and humiliated Mullah Omar by appointing Baghdadi as Caliph behind his back? Backstabbers! … 
LOOOL Where is Bagdadi?
welcome   Defeat evil  Taliban  Alqaeda  ISIS    GoharShahi
haha
KERKUK MANY of caputerd fighter of isis in the hand of the kurds  TwitterKurds    
Iraq: Kerry telling Barzani to abandon his lifelong goal of Kurdish statehood is both unrealistic and very 2003-sound…
ISIS Repels Attacks by  Shiite Militia South of  Kirkuk; 50 Dead or Hu   Iraq  Twitterkurds  
New Victoria's Secret commercial in the freshly founded  IS?  isis  NO2ISIS  Iraq  jihad  model  GreatPic  wow  
“Whatcha thinkin bout?”  Definitely the strangest ISIS photo I’ve seen so far (today):   via  
ISIS crucifying people for being   too moderate  : 8 men met their death as ISIS now IS rolls on   http:… 
Celebratory gunfire unleashed by the mujahideen as ISIS declares their Islamic State and ISIS/ISIL become 'IS'.   
No honour in killing.  pakistan  madness  change  ni2violence  Jong stel onthoofd in Pakistan   via  
Syria, Iraq—could Saudi Arabia be next? The Saudi govt is now on highest ale  over  ISIS threat   
Cardiff father blames police for not preventing radicalization of his sons. Ehm. What?  wrong  blame  radicalization  ISIS
ISIS 'kidnaps 140 Kurdish to make them suicide bombers'   via  
Suicide bomber detonated his explosives in the center of an arms market in a predominantly  Kurdish neighborhood... http:…
Iran Secretly Sending Drones and Supplies Into Iraq, U.S. Officials Say |   
Wo h noting that the  Saudi embassy is literally around the corner from  DuroyHotel  Beirut  Lebanon
Politie deed vlak voor explosie inval in hotel  Beirut op zoek naar zelfmoordnetwerk. Verdachten bliezen zichz op, maar ook ar… 
Anbar Tribes kill ISIL leader -  
ISIS  Saudi Arabian suicide bomber arrested after another blows himself up, killing 1 SWAT, wounding 7 others in  Beirut… 
PHOTO GALLERY: Suicide attack targets  Beirut hotel    
Rudaw repo s fighting between Peshmarga and  ISIS has erupted after the former's attempt to set up new checkpoints outsi…
what is that photo on your profile?
proud.  TwitterKurds
ISIS executes colonel Khalaf Ibrahim Jibburi, commander of Sahwa forces in Hawija along with three of his guards.  iraq  … 
Centre of Amsterdam cleared for a possible bomb threat.
Why would a religious leader risk the life of any muslim?  Jihadist  answerisis  isis  Iraq  Syrian  Syrian  no2isis  no2violence
Messi the emir of South America. Nice one  ISIS.  idiots
BreakingNews: 4 bombs in Cairo metro stations, at least 2 hu : police 
I agree that  ISIS power will decrease--not increase--because of its indiscriminate violence:  
At least 50 Iraqi detainees were killed during an ISIS attack on their convoy as it traveled through Hilla, south of the ca… 
(IMAGE) Banner from DhiQar province (Nasiriya) a ists:   We suppo  army against the terror organization ISIL 
1 million people have fled their homes. iraq  isis  no2isis  UN  america  us  maliki  sunni  Shia
Maliki must go.
Peace for  kurdistan.  barzani taking a brave stand against  isis.  no2isis  TwitterKurds  respect
iraq is obviously falling apa barzani 
Tune in  cnn for  interview  barzani  kurdistan  iraq
Breaking: Rudaw correspondent: The bridge was blown up by a car bomb.  Iraq  twitterkurds
Rudaw correspondent: The bridge connecting towns of  Kalar and  Jalawla was blown up.  twitterkurds  iraq
URGENT   Repo  -  3,000  ISIL terrorists poised to invade  Iraq via Saudi Arabia   
Sen. Rubio: ISIS 'Potentially More Dangerous Today Than al Qaeda'  
Focus: The Islamist army Isis is fighting a new kind of war by placing evidence of its brutality on social networks htt…
Isolated  Iraqi Troops Give Up Fight in Tel Afar, Withdraw to  Kurdish Areas  twitterkurds   
Jammu &amp; Kashmir: Indian Army bomb-sniffer dog injured in IED blast  
Bride hunters? ISIS fighters seeking marriage pa ners in Iraqi town  
IMPO ANT VIDEO    PAKISTAN ARMY MUST NOT STOP OPERATION AGAINST TALIBAN UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES …
ISIS releases it's 5 year territorial expansion plan. I'm surprised they don't want to reclaim southern Spain  Iraq  
Suppo ers of jihadist group ISIS take to Twitter to show suppo   
Advice for Muslim British Youth:    Taliban  ISIS   BokoHaram  Alqaeda  AlShabab video
Father of British jihadist ‘wants to cry’ over online video   via   My thoughts go out to the father
Execution of  FSA officers comes after the rebel army urged for help from ‘friendly’ Arab states to fight  ISIS    http:…
Displaced families fleeing  Mosul because of  ISIS violence arrive in Erbil city.  
Maliki refuses to resign in exchange for U.S. air suppo  -    
ISIL terrorists threaten to burn homes in Sharqat unless residents ... -    
35  ISIL fighters killed, including Pakistani and Saudi Arabian nationals, in no hern  Babel   
Get on a plane and suppo  in  Baghdad you disgusting  cowards.  
You don't kill unarmed civilians in any kind of conditions!what kind of motives make criminal  ISIS kill thousands of innoc…
Jihadis criminals would swear to Westerns everyday and would not feel ashamed to get benefit of…
I notice that as these cowards have no back spine, only men when killing unarmed civil… 
They go and get benefit (MONEY) of what they call Kaffur states&amp;come here to kill Muslims!who a…
they do not know what they suppo . All four enjoy the peace and benefits in the west. Not knowing war.  isis  no2isis  idiot
Hypocrites! If u suppo  ISIS, why do u choose to live in the West? Netherland in suppo  of  ISIS http:… 
I rest my case.
don't lecture me child. I have no violence in my body.
Asks   to get with the program. It's a disgrace how you let evil spread.  no2isis  no2terror  BokoHaram  no2violence
ha.
a child should not be allowed to carry the name sharpshooter on your medium.
they have no guts and no glory. Children. Inhumans. And all are a disgrace to any religion.
you are either a child or a coward.
isis:  notarealman. Show your true identity and passpo  on social media if you are so proud.  coward  no2isis  stopisis  iraq  hide  piss
R these  ISIS  jihadi pure of lust, greed, envy, jealousy, arrogance etc if NOT they dont know real jihad. They r rapi… 
racker let's hope so.
tell us who the statue represents.  mosul  demolition
Can anyone confirm if this pic is from  Mosul  Iraq? Our heritage is being destroyed  NO2ISIS
isis don't touch women and children.  RealMenDoExist  no2isis  no2violence
@ _com: URGENT:  ISIS militants seize Syrian border crossing after killing 30  Iraq troops  
silence  isis and do not share their  savage behavior on social media.  no2isis  StopTheHate  stopisis
A PHOTO OF ISIS FIGHTER WHO WERE CAPTURED BY KURDISH FORCES IN JALOLA  TwitterKurds  
Many  ISIS terrorists killed by  peshmerga in  jalawla    TwitterKurds
Let social media turn against them. Take a stand to  isis. Spread the word  NO2ISIS.  savages  StopTheHate
Peshmerga forces launch assault against insurgents to secure Nadrawa, 70km South -  Kirkuk  Kurdistan  Iraq   
Militant Sunni Islamists destroy philosopher's tomb, poets' statues in Iraq   
I don't understand why twitter would allow an animal like   to have a voice.  silence  no2violence  no2isis  repo  and stop him
why you say thanks?? You are Kafir dont human and moslem because Allah dont say killed human and say Allah u …
ISIS are not Muslims, they're a cowardly death cult lead by a Baathist called Bagdadi.  NO2ISIS  ISISDeathCult   
the most difficult thing about sharing this picture is: how do you know who's the person holding the gun?
Iraq &amp;  Syria 11 facts explain escalation  
How  ISIS is spreading it's message  NO2ISIS   
Kurds' Takeover of Kirkuk Strengthens Hand: The Kirkuk operation brings the Kurds, who make up 20% of Iraq's p...   
The result of Maliki and ISIS both overreaching is that the Kurds may finally end up with their own state:  
Kurds emerge as winners in Iraq chaos  
Oof Peshmerga commanders say a truce has been agreed between Kurds and Isis.
NO2ISIS  
British and australia jihadists  
Watch our  Iraq debate with     in  bbcdp clip
Fatima Faid van de Haagse Stadspa ij is ‘niet geschokt’ door openlijke steun aan de moordende terreurgroep ISIS.
World Refugee Day:Global forced displacement tops 50 million for first time in post-World War II era  
Turn on the radio  bbc4  iraq  isis  news
thank you.
Finnish say they know Finnish female jihadist who has posed with weapons &amp; threats against Shia Muslims on Facebook http…
ISIS Jihadists Release Shocking Photos Documenting Slaying Of 1700 Iraqi Soldiers 
ISIS has some $2bn in assets and is example of   21st century   terrorism... actively using social media to recruit youngst… 
Read the minutes of the last meeting, we have been here before   - same religion killings  jews  reformation  muslims  history  repeats 
straks op NOSjournaal Obama over Iraq.
anti_isis_iraq: Peshmerga going to fight ISIS.  TwitterKurds 
Let the horrifying images spread by  isis be the fundamental proof when they face their verdict.  stopisis  stopthebleeding  iraq  war  isi
if only we could melt his hea . The anger I feel is to alike to theirs but I refuse to lower myself to their standards.
no nuclear weapons.
wish there was a ring to melt
Read our chilling analysis of media as a tool of war in the Rwandan genocide.    
BREAKING: Obama says US will send up to 300 military advisers to Iraq, set up joint operation centers. 
A reminder of  ISIS' ambitions &amp; its rift with  alqaeda over power &amp; territory thinkagainturn…
ISIS takes control of Saddam Hussein's chemical weapons stockpile in Iraq: Repo 
UN Security Council seeks joint front against terrorism - Channel NewsAsia   
“  ISIS jihadists have one healthy thought. burn piles of cigarettes. via  
Op de vlucht voor de troepen van ISIS. Geen voedsel voor de burgers. Lees verslag van   
33 civilians killed in  iraq 18 June. 2,764 so far in June. 
No more bloodshed.  isisstop before the bombings sta . Think of all the women and children.  please
Nu op ThePostOnline Demonstratie ‘ISIS-aanhangers’ gaat niet door: Een demonstratie van ‘ISIS-sympathisanten’ ... http:/…
Kokhalzend klapte   haar laptop dicht toen ze tien minuten van de Isis-propagandafilm had gezien.  column http:…
Zeker 150 Australiërs bij ISIS  
Jon Stewa  over Irak en de fli  tussen VS en Iran.  Bril-jant! &gt;  
agreed
Pray for peace. My hea  goes out to all the women and children  iraq  conflict
a kafir kills gods creatures
ISIS openbare executie van afvallige man (dit is tegen elke religie en tegen elk  menselijk besef)  
found a grave or created?  stopisisnow
ISIS hijst vlag boven grootste olieraffinaderij Irak, melden ooggetuigen aan persbureau 
Pro isis demonstration in The Hague? Pro mass murder. Sunnis think.  hollandstop  isis  massmurder  genocide  thehague  no  war  iraq
By repo ing any extremist or terrorist content you might see online, you're helping to tackle the terrorist threat…   
Right wing terrorist convicted today of Finsbury Park attack following investigation by   and…  
RunHideTell - our advice to the public on what do if caught in a gun or knife terror attack. It could keep you, yo…   
Weapon attacks are rare, but remembering this simple advice could keep you safe. RUN, HIDE, TELL.  ActionCountersTerrorism h… 
Did you know   Internet Referral Unit look for terrorist &amp; extremist content online every day? The Unit…
Survivors Against Terror is a network of family members who have lost a loved one to terror and survivors of terror atta…
RunHideTell Our advice to the public: if you're caught in a terrorist firearms or weapons attack you should Run. I…  
When you repo  online terrorist or extremist content - you're playing your pa  in tackling the terrorist threat.…  
UK Counter Terrorism Policing sends condolences to all those injured or bereaved in today’s attack in  Kabul. Our g…  
If you're caught in a terrorist gun or knife attack RUN.
Do you know the game plan? We've worked closely with spo s clubs and stadiums throughout the UK to improve fan saf…  
Being vigilant and repo ing your concerns can help tackle terrorism. No matter how small or insignificant you thin…  
If you see or hear anything suspicious that might identify a terrorist threat
In an emergency, always call 999 
RunHideTell - Simple advice that could save your life. Terrorist attacks are rare, but remembering what do if ther…   
Since 2010, 303,000 pieces of terrorist &amp; extremist material have been removed by service providers at the request of @… 
If you spot anything unusual, or if anything just seems out of place - do not ignore it. By repo ing your concerns…   
Counter Terrorism security advice, training and learning materials for schools, businesses and organisations. Visit…   
In the unlikely event of a firearms attack, it's vital that you know what to do.  RunHideTell - 3 words that could save y… 
You can help make a difference. Learn what's normal for your environment and what isn't. If you see or hear anythin…  
Look out for suspicious behaviour. If someone or something seems out of place, do not ignore it. Repo  it. Just AC…   
You can make a difference by repo ing online extremist content. Visit   and repo  it in con…  
You can make the difference. Knowing what to do during a gun or knife terror attack can keep you safe and save live…  
If you notice something suspicious do not ignore it. ACT on your instincts and repo  it. You could be making a hug…  
The ability to respond to a crisis lies in the preparations you make. Remembering simple advice could save your lif…  
If you're concerned about someone you know showing signs of being radicalised, practical advice and guidance is ava…   
Birmingham teenager pleads guilty to attempting to travel in order to commit acts of terrorism. Aged just 15 at the…  
Be vigilant and look out for each other. If you spot anything suspicious that could identify a terrorist threat do…  
Attending any of the FA Cup 3rd Round replays tonight? If you're out at the ⚽️ game, look out for each other and if…   
Look out for each other. If you see or hear anything suspicious that might identify a terrorist threat do not ignor…  
Mark Rowley, UK's Counter Terrorism Policing lead, announces retirement:   Every day I continue to witness the selfl…   
Information provided by the public has prevented attacks and saved lives. If you see or hear anything suspicious th…  
If you see or hear anything that could identify a terrorist threat do not ignore it. Repo  It. Just ACT…  
DCI Paul Greenwood:   The evidence clearly shows that the pair planned to cause harm and today’s verdict, and subseq…   
Searches at prope ies in London and Derby uncovered a range of materials that would be of assistance to someone cr…  
36yo Munir Hassan Mohammed from Derby and 32yo Rowaida El Hassan from London had researched making TATP (acetone peroxide) and Ricin
Pair found guilty at cou  today of planning a terrorist attack. Investigation by No h East   uncov…  
If you've seen or heard something that could identify a terrorist threat do not ignore it. Repo  it. Just ACT…  
Look out for suspicious behaviour and be vigilant, it can make a huge difference. If you see or hear something that…   
6 people arrested today by on suspicion of terrorism offences &amp; being suspected members…  
Happy New Year! 🎉🥂 If you're out this evening, we hope you've had a great time! Look out for each other on the way…   
Enjoy the  NewYears  NYE celebrations tonight! 🎉 If you're attending an event look out for each other. If you spot…  
If you're attending a festive spo ing fixture today remember the game plan: these tactics improve stadium security…  
Enjoy the events and celebrations this weekend! Look out for each other and remain vigilant. If you spot anything o…  
If you're out this week making the most of the festive sales - look out for each other and remain vigilant. If you…  
Do you know the game plan? 🏉⚽️ These tactics improve stadium security and help keep you safe 🏟️👍…  
Plenty of festive spo ing fixtures today! 🎄🏉⚽️ If you're out at the game, look out for each other and if you spot…   
Heading out to make the most of the Boxing Day sales today? Look out for each other, and if you spot anything suspi…   
If you see something that doesn't look right or could identify a terrorist threat, ACT on your instincts and repo …   
Prevent addresses all forms of terrorism. Find out more:    
Simon Cole   on latest   stats:   Figures demonstrate trust &amp; suppo  for  Prevent is there, a…   
We’ve published the latest  Prevent Channel stats. Here’s how Channel works.    
If you see someone acting suspiciously, or if something seems out of place: Just ACT 
D/Supt Simon Atkinson: 'Maher planned to follow friends to fight in Syria &amp; went to great lengths to conceal purpos…  
22yo Khalil Maher from  Sheffield 5 years 4 months in prison. Attempted to travel to Syria &amp; prepare acts of terror…  
Simple, practical advice that could keep you safe during a gun or knife terror attack: Run, Hide, Tell…   
Recognise suspicious behaviour: Repo  It. Whatever you do, don't ignore it. Just ACT  ActionCountersTerrorism…   
Would you know what to do during a terror attack? RUN if you can; HIDE if you can't; TELL police when safe to do so…  
You can make a difference. Repo  anything suspicious to police, you could be saving lives 
If you see extremist or terrorist content online, Repo  It. You can make a difference 
If you see or hear something suspicious, ACT on your instincts and contact police. You could be saving lives…   
During a gun or knife terror attack, there are things you can do to stay safe: RUN, HIDE, TELL…   
Going to football this weekend? Know the game plan: Tactics to keep you safe and enhance stadium security 🏟️⚽️👌…  
As always, we encourage suppo ers to arrive early and to raise anything suspicious with a steward. 
You can help make the difference: be vigilant and repo  suspicious items. ☎️0800 789 321  ActionCountersTerrorism…  
There are things you can do to help stay safe during a gun or knife terror attack: Run, Hide, Tell…   
Simple, practical advice that could help keep you safe during a knife or gun terror attack: Run, Hide, Tell…   
Be vigilant: Look out for suspicious behaviour and repo  anything that causes you a concern. 0800 789321 Just ACT…  
During a gun or knife terror attack: RUN, HIDE, TELL. Don't hang around to take photos, move right away &amp; stay safe…   
A group of men have been charged with belonging to a proscribed organisation by our colleagues    
If you see terrorist or extremist material online: Repo  it. Make a difference. Just ACT    
AC Rowley:   We've reached turning point. Reducing budgets isn't realistic in face of increasing de…   
AC Rowley added:   We get a lot of info from public which helps foil attacks, but without neighbour…   
AC Rowley said:   Neighbourhood policing underpins all elements of the UK's policing model, and tha…   
AC Rowley:   We have a positive and beneficial relationship with social media companies, but there is still some way to go.   
AC Rowley continued:   Radicalisation in communities and online means we need buy-in from local gro…   
AC Rowley said:   Many of the benefits which the online world brings to us are being exploited by t…   
AC Mark Rowley was speaking about CT resourcing, local policing and online threat at  NatSec17 hosted by…   
Policing is a system with global reach &amp; local connectivity:  depends on strength from neighbourhood policing thro…   
We saw extraordinary bravery, determination, compassion and professionalism of police officers du…   
AC Mark Rowley We have seen a dramatic upshift in the threat this year, one of the most challenging in recent decades   
We move onto our second panel with AC Mark Rowley discussing Counter Terrorism Policing. Watch live here  
During a gun or knife terror attack: RUN, HIDE, TELL. Advice that could save your life. 
DCS Snowden: Tackling extremist material is impo ant to protect the public and prevent offences that incite or enc…  
19yo woman from Halifax pleads guilty to disseminating terrorist publications: shared links in online chats  
There are things you can do that help keep people safe during a gun or knife terror attack: RUN, HIDE, TELL…   
Remembering this simple advice could save your life during a gun or knife terror attack: RUN, HIDE, TELL…   
If you see or hear something suspicious, trust your instincts and ACT immediately. Contact police ☎️ 0800 789 321…   
We face this new order of challenge from a position of strength: UK has world-class intelligence agencies and coun…   
MI5 DG Andrew Parker: Those that wish UK harm can expect to meet MI5 &amp;   and face full force of law.  
During a gun or knife terror attack, this advice could save your life: RUN, HIDE, TELL 
Our podcast   Code: SEVERE   reveals the stories behind UK   investigations  ActionCountersTerrorism   
The UK will continue to suppo  Somalia in the fight against terrorism.  
Detective Superintendent Nik Adams on the impo ant work of Prevent in Yorkshire &amp; no h east England    
Practical advice that could save your life during a gun or knife attack: Run, Hide, Tell. 
43yo man from east London arrested this morning on suspicion of dissemination of terrorist material. Searches ongoi…  
53yo woman arrested on suspicion of collection &amp; possession of terrorist material  
If someone's behaviour appears suspicious - repo  it in confidence. You could be savings lives, Just ACT…   
criscom17   in Copenhagen hearing from the UK's   about our  RunHideTell campaign  
Our Internet Safety Strategy builds on Government's continued work &amp; progress to improve  onlinesafety for everyone across the UK…
You can make the difference - repo ing suspicious behaviour can save lives. Contact Police, Just ACT…   
Simple advice that could save your life during a gun or knife terror attack: Run, Hide, Tell…   
Terrorism attacks are rare, but there are things you can do to stay safe: Run, Hide, Tell  ActionCountersTerrorism…   
ACT on your instinct. Being vigilant and repo ing suspicious behaviour can help save lives    
One whole year of protecting British businesses from cyber attacks. Read what we been up to    OneYearOn ht…
Attacks are rare, but remembering what to do in a knife or gun terror attack could save your life: RUN, HIDE, TELL…   
Weapons attacks are rare, but remembering this simple advice could keep you safe RUN, HIDE, TELL  ActionCountersTerrorism ©… 
RUN, HIDE, TELL: Advice that could save your life in a gun or knife terror attack.  ActionCountersTerrorism…   
Empower young people with simple advice that could save lives during a gun or knife terror attack: Run, Hide, Tell.…   
We all have a responsibility to teach young people to ACT in a way which could save lives    
Our message to youngsters: RUN if they are able to, HIDE if they can not, and TELL police only when safe to do so…   
Remember this simple advice. It could save your life during a gun or knife terror attack: RUN, HIDE, TELL…   
Even though attacks are rare, terrorism is a real threat. Remember this advice to help stay safe: RUN, HIDE, TELL…   
I've fought my way up to the top. But in a gun or knife terror attack you should Run, Hide, Tell   -  …   
I've tackled the most dangerous environments on ea h, but in a gun or knife attack Run, Hide, Tell   -  …   
7/7 Survivor   backs Run, Hide, Tell campaign. Read More: 
We teach children to cross the road safely, must also guide them what to if an attack happens    …   
I've fought to keep people safe &amp; I want to make sure you STAY safe: Run, Hide, Tell   -  …   
Our message to children: RUN if they are able to, HIDE if they can not, and TELL police only when safe to do so…   
Helping young people to stay safe - remember this simple advice: Run, Hide, Tell  ActionCountersTerrorism 📺Video:…   
Talking to children about terrorism can be difficult, so   asked   to provide practical advice: https… 
Deputy Assistant Commissioner   on Run, Hide, Tell:   An impo ant discussion to have with young people  …   
Security Minister   suppo s   campaign helping young people stay safe if caught in a weapons at…
Right now, terrorism is a real threat. In a terror attack it's crucial you Run, Hide, and Tell   -  …   
Even though attacks are rare, there are things we can all do to help stay safe: RUN, HIDE, TELL…   
RUN!.. HIDE!.. TELL!  
Remember this simple advice. It could save your life during a gun or knife attack: RUN, HIDE, TELL…   
Proud to help champion this message to help keep young people &amp; Scouts safe  
Weapons attacks are rare, but remembering this simple advice could keep you safe: RUN, HIDE, TELL…   
Advice that could help keep you safe in the rare event of a gun or knife attack: RUN, HIDE, TELL…   
20yo man arrested in Cardiff this morning as pa  of the ongoing investigation into the  ParsonsGreen attack  
Ahmed Hassan (18) of Sunbury, Surrey charged in connection with  ParsonsGreen attack. Hassan will appear at cou  t…   
If someone's behaviour appears suspicious, if it's not what you would normally expect then ACT without delay…   
Dean Haydon:   Significant activity since Friday &amp; extensive inquiries continue to determine the full facts behind t…   
2 men arrested in Newpo , Wales this morning as pa  of  ParsonsGreen investigation. 5 in total. Searches continue…   
Catching a train this week? Let us know if you see something that looks suspicious.
If you see online content promoting terrorism
If you suspect something contact police - your information can make the difference and could save lives. Just ACT…  
Suppo  available for people affected by the attack in  ParsonsGreen   SC4  
'High pace and rapid progress' of  ParsonsGreen investigation continues as threat level returns to 'Severe'  
Detectives investigating  ParsonsGreen attack have made a 2nd arrest. Please continue to share info via 0800 789 321  
SNC Basu: 'The fact so many communities stand together against the cowardice of terrorism is a tremendous strength'  
Senior National Co-ordinator for Counter Terrorism Policing Neil Basu provides update on Parsons Green investigation https…
An update on  ParsonsGreen investigation has been shared by Please continue t…  
You can help us by remaining vigilant and letting us know if you have any concerns. Call 0800 789 321 in confidence…  
We ask you to remain vigilant as police &amp; pa ners continue to investigate yesterday's attack. Be ale , not alarme…   
Thank you, this has been flagged. 
An 18yo man has been arrested in connection with  ParsonsGreen. Investigation continues, threat level at critical.…   
Concerned about something you've seen or heard? Call police in confidence on 0800 789 321, or 999 in an emergency…   
Nationwide, extra officers from BTP are on duty today. 
The threat level has been raised to critical.
You can make a real difference - repo  your concerns and ACT on your instincts   ActionCountersTerrorism  
Mark Rowley: We urge the public to remain calm but ale ; any concerns, or hear anything suspicious contact police…   
Statement from AC Mark Rowley following incident at  ParsonsGreen tube station  
Suppo  is available for anyone affected by the incident in  ParsonsGreen
If you see anything suspicious just ACT
Anyone with images from the scene at  ParsonsGreen tube station is asked to upload them to   https:/…
DAC Basu, National Coordinator for CT Policing has declared a terrorist incident at  ParsonsGreen   
DAC Neil Basu: Terrorist threat has increased in recent months, so has our activity; reflected by this significant…   
Police &amp; Intelligence services committed to ensure UK a hostile place for terrorists: 379 arrests in the past year…  
If you see extremist content online repo  it. Don't delay, Just ACT. Visit 
ICT17  idc   AC Mark Rowley “When a vulnerable person is early in their radicalization path, we are able to interv… 
At   AC Rowley spoke on the impo ance of working across borders to counter terrorism. Follow  ICT17 at…  
AC Mark Rowley has addressed international pa ners to make collective effo s to tackle the terrorist threat…  
AC Mark Rowley details the 'shift' in the threat posed by terrorism at   conference  ICT17:…  
AC Mark Rowley addresses international pa ners   conference in  Israel - view his speech live here:…  
For example, there are 10 police officers who patrol Oxford St in London, but more than 1000 security…   
Hi, DAC Basu meant that private sector security staff could be trained to assist police in spotting s…   
3. Increasing public's &amp; private sector’s involvement in security. That means suppo  of private security and better community policing. 4/4
Simple advice that could save your life during a weapons attack: Remember it, Share it  RunHideTell   
If you see anything suspicious, no matter how insignificant you might think it is, contact us. It may be vital…   
AC Rowley: Humbled by bravery of officers rushing towards potential suicide bomber, thinking only of protecting others (2/2) 
AC Mark Rowley: 8 firearms officers discharged weapons, in the region of 50 shots fired - the terrorists had to be stopped immediately (1/2) 
Updated statement by on terror attacks  LondonBridge and  Borough Market    
Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley live statement  LondonBridge  BoroughMarket  
Anybody who has images or film of the  LondonBridge  BoroughMarket incident please help police by uploading it at…  
Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley statment on  LondonBridge &amp;  BoroughMarket incidents    
Earlier this morning, Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley made the following statement regarding the  LondonBridge &amp;  Borou… 
Pls continue to avoid  LondonBridge  BoroughMarket to allow the emergency services to deal with the ongoing incidents
For updates follow   - please avoid sharing unverified information. remain calm, be vigilant…   
Keep following this Twitter feed. We will release facts when we can - our info must be accurate
Please remain calm, but be ale  &amp; vigilant. We are using all necessary skills &amp; resources at  LondonBridge  BoroughMarket… 
LondonBridge  BoroughMarket  Vauxhall if you are in these areas follow the instructions of police officers  
If you have a concern about something you've seen or heard, repo  it. Help make the difference. 0800 789 321…   
If it's an emergency, always call 999. The 0800 789 321 is to repo  concerns or suspicions directly to s…   
If you spot anything you think might be suspicious, help make the difference - 
Officers investigating  ManchesterArena attack are searching a car in the Banff Road area that may be significant t…  
Officers investigating  ManchesterArena attack are searching a car in the Banff Road area that may be significant t…  
The anti-Terrorist Hotline is confidential and open 24/7 - You can also repo  info securely online…  
Londoners now have the oppo unity to join as a detective constable after initial training   https:/…
Searches continue as pa  of the investigation into the attack in  Manchester - follow   for latest updates.  
Honest.
Attack at Manchester Arena update: image released of Abedi carrying a suitcase. Did you see him?   http…
Proud to work with colleagues at   to help keep the public safe this - and every - weekend…  
Proud to work with our colleagues at    to help keep the public safe this weekend…  
Infographic: Inside the relentless   &amp;   investigation into the  ManchesterArena attack - ti…  
Photo of  Manchester attacker Salman Abedi released as   &amp;   make fresh appeal for info that…  
Proud to work with   to help keep the public safe this weekend..  ActionCountersTerrorism  OpTemperer  
After bank holiday weekend, we will be looking to step down the extra resources we have had in place over the last week 2/2 
AC Rowley: Extra resources planned for this weekend’s events will continue and you will see more armed &amp; unarmed police across country 1/2
Threat level to UK reduced from Critical to Severe. Remain vigilant. If you suspect something, Just ACT. Contact Po…   
Prope y searched and 2 arrests made this morning as pa  of the ongoing  Manchester investigation    
44yo man arrested by   as pa  of the ongoing  Manchester investigation - 9 people now in custody.  
AC Mark Rowley:   Go out and enjoy yourself this weekend, be reassured by the policing presence you see 
Prope y searched as pa  of the ongoing investigation in  Manchester    
Four men have been charged with various offences following a Counter Terrorism...    
AC Rowley:   Having received fresh assurances (about info sharing), we are now working closely with ALL our key pa ners around the world.” 
You can help make the difference. If you see or suspect something to be terrorist related, Just ACT. Contact Police…   
Update from   - significant activity took place throughout the night and this morning  Manchester…  
Eight significant arrests made and searches reveal items believed to be very impo ant to the ongoing  Manchester investigation  
Searches carried out in Nuneaton  
Unauthorised disclosure of potential evidence in the middle of a major CT investigation undermines our work &amp; confidence of victims
CT policing lead: 1000 extra armed officers have been freed up to carry out counter terror patrols across the UK on…  
This investigation is intense and is continuing at pace - four people in custody    Manchester 
Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley, National CT Policing Lead - Statement on police working alongside military…   
CT policing lead, Mark Rowley, urges public vigilance as UK threat level rises to   critical  .…   
Protective security advice from CT Policing expe s available for business &amp; organisations  ActionCountersTerrorism  
The man suspected of carrying out last night's atrocity in  Manchester named as 22yo Salman Abedi.    
Latest statement from   in relation to last night's attack.  
Latest Update from  Manchester   - 2 prope ies searched as pa  of ongoing investigation and a controlled…  
You can help make the difference. If you suspect something, no matter how small, repo  it. Just ACT 0800 789 321…   
MI5 Director General: “We're relentlessly focused on doing all we can to combat the scourge of terrorism...”  
23yo man arrested  Manchester   - any info that could suppo  the investigation please contact 0800 789 321…  
Suppo  is available for those affected by the explosion in Manchester, including helplines and fu her information:   
Communities Defeat Terrorism. If you suspect something, don't delay - Just ACT. Contact us 0800 789 321 or 999…   
If you witnessed the Manchester Arena explosion and have image or video, please help the investigation:…   
Latest statement on incident at Manchester Arena    
Working closely   to establish more details about who carried out this attack whether they acted alone or as pa  of a network.
Impo ant we all continue to remain vigilant, but also to go about our daily lives. Be ale  &amp; repo  suspicious activity 0800 789321 or 999 
Latest statement on incident at Manchester Arena  
If you see extremist or terrorist content online - Just ACT - Repo  it. Visit    
If you see extremist or terrorist content online - Just ACT - Repo  it
Ahmed planned to join Daesh. Stopped by Turkish Authorities at Syrian border: arrested, charged &amp; pleads guilty…   
Ahead of  GE2017 practical advice available for organisations &amp; people campaigning and canvassing  UKElection2017  
27yo man from no h London appears in cou  today charged with terrorism &amp; explosive offences, following his arrest…   
.  “Must be mindful – and realistic – about what children access online already” Read more from…  
RunHideTell content could “save lives &amp; have lasting impact on young people. Time to take it to new tech-savvy aud…  
Teach kids about staying safe from terrorism   - says senior police officer. 
One of the passengers saw the abandoned bag and it was repo ed to the driver   Vigilance saves lives, Just ACT…   
We can all play our pa  in keeping the UK safe. More than 3000 calls and 300 referrals since…  
There needs to be more transparency to overcome concerns that  Prevent promotes prejudice.    ,   l… 
We can not arrest our way to safety. We must embrace the concept of early intervention.  Prevent   
Prevent safeguards vulnerable people from harm regardless of race, colour or creed says  ,   lead… 
Police  Prevent lead Simon Cole   telling   about real lives helped by  safeguarding scheme  
National Coordinator Protect &amp; Prepare DCS Scott Wilson discussing keeping people safe in UK + abroad  SCTX17…  
.    .  stressed the impo ance of pa nerships, the public and the business community… 
Just heard   discussing  terrorism  extremism and international &amp; homegrown threats at  SCTX17  
Useful information for business &amp; organisations to help plan, protect &amp; prepare:   Recognising The Terrorist Threat 
Praise from   speaking today at  . Says UK  Prevent is envy of the world
My thanks to   staff for arranging stand at  SCTX17 Really interesting info to share with everyone https:/…
We're at  SCTX2017   today - highlighting the impo ance of preparation and collaboration.    
.  The UK are world leaders in terms of working in pa nership wi…   
.    Paris attacks huge step change for us. 7 attacks in 33mins.  …   
.    Challenge is complex: from sophisticated plots to lone actors. Their aim is…   
The   lead for Protective Security   speaking to security expe s at   today (1/4)  
Man jailed for eight years after being found guilty of five terrorism offences 
Realising the reality of life under  Daesh, foreign fighters flee  Syria &amp;  Iraq 
Did you know you can help to  TakeDaeshDown from the internet? Discover how you can repo  their extremist content  
Three women arrested under Terrorism Act 
Yesterday’s arrests    London are just 2 of 550 cases   has at any one time: We are commi…  
26yo Jade Campbell from  London 12 months prison. Found in possession of ISIS-produced magazine with a icles on en…  
Mark Rowley also says research into mental health vulnerability and radicalisation is   new &amp; dynamic so police/NHS need to l… 
Head of   Mark Rowley interviewed by  . Says NHS   massively impo ant   for Prevent and calls for mo… 
DAC Neil Basu pays tribute to our brave officers and the incredible work - often unseen - of the UK's Counter Terro…  
DAC Basu: Continue to work with all communities to defeat terrorists together. If you have concerns, contact us  ActionCountersTerrorism 2/2 
DAC Basu: Constant acts of bravery &amp; huge amount of unseen work public will never know about from us and our brilliant security services 1/2
DAC Basu on Whitehall: “Man arrested yesterday remains in custody. There are two ongoing searches across  London for this…
.    DAC Basu “I wanted to reassure the public that police and security services activity continue a…
DAC Neil Basu provides an update on the 2 separate unconnected &amp; ongoing counter terrorism investigations that happened ye…
Counter Terrorism operation in  Willesden - Four arrested and woman shot  Brent    
Weapons attacks in the  UK are extremely rare. But if one does occur, you should follow the advice -  RunHideTell -…   
If you see something that could be terrorist related, Just ACT. In an emergency call 999  ActionCountersTerrorism   
Man arrested in Whitehall on suspicion possession of an offensive weapon and terror offence   https:…
The inside story of UK terrorism investigations -   code:SEVERE    ActionCountersTerrorism 
Our specialist officers and advisors work across industry and commercial suppliers to raise awareness of counter te…  
39yo woman from  Brent  London charged with encouraging terrorism, disseminating terrorist publications and terrori…   
Birmingham woman charged with terrorism offence to appear before cou  tomorrow  
ProjectGriffin is a valuable awareness initiative for businesses. Help protect our cities &amp; communities. More info…  
RunHideTell - Simple advice that could save your life. Firearms attacks are rare, but impo ant to know what to do…   
Firearms &amp; weapons attacks in the UK are extremely rare, but it's impo ant to know what to do if such an incident…   
WeStandTogether as our thoughts are with the family &amp; colleagues of the officer killed in  Paris &amp; those who are injured…
RunHideTell - Advice that could save your life. Find out how to  StaySafe in the event of a weapons attack
Sad news from  Paris tonight. Reminds us to remain vigilant. Visit   to find out how  ActionCountersTerrorism
Woman arrested on suspicion of terrorism offence    
Man has been arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism. 
If you see extremist or terrorist material online - repo  it immediately. You can make the difference, Just ACT…   
DCS Clive Wain, No h East CT Unit:   Tackling extremist material essential pa  of protecting public   info:   (2/2) 
40yo Atzaz Khan from Bradford sentenced to 12 months prison after admitting 6 counts of disseminating terrorist publications online (1/2)
Read more about armed officers shooting at moving vehicles from   here  
Find out more from our Armed Policing lead  
Counter Terrorism Command arrested a 30-year-old man at an address in no h London today    
.  Officers are searching a residential address in no h  London - man in custody at a central London police station.
30yo man arrested in no h  London on suspicion of commission/preparation/instigation of acts of terrorism.
Commissioner Cressida Dick meets officers and staff across the Met during her first week    
Cressida Dick the new Met Police Commissioner will be talking with Nick Ferrari on   at 7.15am
We suppo  the   in keeping britain safe  
Help  TakeDaeshDown from the internet by repo ing their extremist propaganda - find out how here  
If you see extremist or terrorist material online, Just ACT. Repo  it.  ActionCountersTerrorism   
OnThisDay forces across England &amp; Wales unite to line the streets of  London and honour fallen colleague and friend  PCKe…
NPCC: UK police constantly review security measures and we will monitor events in Sweden. Our thoughts are with those aff…
New set of tactical options for private companies from  
TERROR CHARGES: Pair charged with terrorism offences after Alum Rock Road arrest    
Learn more about Counter Terrorism Awareness seminars for your business or organisation:    
Expe  guidance for businesses: how to prepare, plan, improve and maintain your security --&gt;   ActionCountersTerrorism 
Today,  WeStandTogether at the Service of Hope at   to pay tribute to those affected by last month's attacks in  Wes… 
.  (2/2) arrested when trying to leave UK on train from St Pancras. No h London address searched. Not r…  
18yo man arrested   preparing acts of terrorism, suppo  proscribed organisation &amp; disseminating terrorist publications (1/2) 
You can make the difference. Being vigilant and repo ing suspicious behaviour could save lives. Just ACT…  
If you see terrorist or extremist content online, just ACT. Repo  it anonymously via 
Listen again to   lead for Prevent Simon Cole   on  fro…
RunHideTell Simple advice that could save your life. Firearms attacks are extremely rare. But should one occur fol…  
Being vigilant and repo ing anything that might be linked to terrorism could save lives. Don't delay, Just ACT…   
Seen something suspicious? Just ACT. Call 0800 789 321 In an emergency always call 999  ActionCountersTerrorism  
Firearms or weapons attacks in the UK are very rare. But would you know what to do if there was one?  RunHideTell  
Your call might make the difference. Be vigilant, if you see anything suspicious repo  it 0800 789321 Just ACT  ActionCountersTerrorism 
In the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell - RUN – but if there's nowhere to go HIDE…  
Probability of firearms or weapons attack is very, very small. But impo ant to know what to do if such an incident…   
You could be saving lives - If you suspect something to be terrorist related, Just ACT. Call Police 0800 789 321…   
Be vigilant. If you suspect something terrorist related, Just ACT. Call Police 0800 789321  ActionCountersTerrorism   
You can make the difference. If you spot something suspicious don’t delay: Just ACT. In an emergency call 999…  
If you see extremist or terrorist material online, don't delay, Just ACT. Contact police in confidence 0800 789 321…   
Detective Superintendent Ian Hunter: “Ejaz was reckless… sharing graphic &amp; extreme terrorist publications related to Syria.” (2/2)
21-year-old Noamann Ejaz pleaded guilty to 10 counts of distributing terrorist material online. Jailed for 2 years…  
Suspect something terrorist related? Your call could make the difference. Call 0800 789 321. Emergencies Call 999…  
These arrests are not linked to the  Westminster incident. Arrests were pre-planned and intelligence-led, no risk to public safety. 
21yo man &amp; 23yo woman arrested  Birmingham   suspicion of preparing terrorist acts. 6 prope ies searched  
WeStandTogether and pay tribute to those injured and killed in last week's  Westminster attack. They remain forever in our thoughts.
Helpful advice available for businesses: Increase building security &amp; staff awareness  ActionCountersTerrorism  
whilst businesses can take precautions and be prepared, communities can defeat terrorism. More here:   
Planning ahead and active collaboration between police and businesses is absolutely essential…  
We look forward to working with   on the major counter terrorism exercise announced yesterday to fu …  
PC Keith Palmer's family “We want to thank everyone who reached out to us over the last few days for their kindness &amp; gene…
The Anti Terrorism Hotline is confidential, call 0800 789 321 with any information about Khalid Masood  WestminsterAttack… 
If you can help - but would prefer not to call - you can complete a secure &amp; confidential form at…  
The Anti Terrorism Hotline is staffed 24/7 by experienced officers who'll treat your call in confidence and keep yo…  
The anti-terrorist hotline is confidential, call 0800 789 321 with any information about Khalid Masood…   
Suppo , advice and assistance is available for anyone affected by the incident in Westminster  WeStandTogether   
UPDATE: Latest statement on Westminster terrorist attack    
A/Dep Cmsr Rowley:  We have Made 2 fu her arrests overnight in the West Midlands and No h West - 9 remain in custody  We…
A/Dep Cmsr Rowley: We named the dead terrorist as Khalid Masood - we now know his bi h name was Adrian Russell Ajao  West…
A/Dep Cmsr Rowley: 2 officers who were injured in the attack also remain in hospital with significant injuries  Westminste…
A/Dep Cmsr Rowley: Two people remain in hospital in critical
Assistant Deputy Commissioner Mark Rowley: Sadly last
Westminster - Parliament Sq, Westminster Brg, Whitehall &amp; Bridge St/ all roads have all FULLY REOPENED. 
'Together we must stand strong and unite against terrorism and intolerance' 
Detectives investigating the terrorist attack in  Westminster can confirm that a 75yo man died tonight after his life supp…
We continue to search addresses in Carma henshire, Birmingham and London which are linked to the  WestminsterAttack - 8 a… 
LIVE from the candlelit vigil in  TrafalgarSquare honouring those who sadly died in yesterday's  WestminsterAttack   https…
We're so grateful for all your suppo  &amp; messages. You can leave words of condolence on our website  
WeStandTogether with communities. Today faith leaders meet at Scotland Yard. We won't allow terrorists to create discord,… 
Useful advice for businesses is available to help inform preparation and response plans to terrorist incidents:  
We have extra officers - both armed and unarmed - out in force on our streets to reassure Londoners  WeStandTogether  West…
We have now made a total of eight arrests as pa  of the ongoing Counter Terrorism operation  WestminsterAttack
Police across  London honour those who lost their lives in the  WestminsterAttack with a one minute silence  WeStandTogeth…
Her Majesty The Queen has sent a message to the Acting Commissioner of the   following yesterday's events https…
Prime Minister pays tribute to PC Keith Palmer:   He was every inch a hero and his actions will never be forgotten   
Minutes silence to honour the lives lost in the  WestminsterAttack   
Our thoughts are with all of those affected by yesterday’s terrorist incident in Westminster  westandtogether  
A one minute silence will be observed at 9.33 am in Whitehall today to pay respect to the victims of yesterday's attac…
Join us in Trafalgar Square at 6pm to remember the victims of yesterday’s attack and stand against terrorism.  
A minutes silence will be held at 9:33am to honour those who lost their lives during yesterday's tragic events in  Westmin…
Mark Rowley:   We have searched 6 addresses - and made 7 arrests. Inquiries in Birmingham, London and other pa s of the country continue.   
Full statement from Mark Rowley following the incident in  Westminster  London  
AC Rowley:   Proud of swift &amp; brave response from officers - especially those who without fear for own safety had to confront the terrorist   
AC Mark Rowley:   Our investigation is moving at a fast pace, we will work through the night. Be ale , repo  suspicious activity to police   
Our thoughts are with the family of PC Keith Palmer   a husband, a father and a colleague.   
A/Dep Cmsr Rowley:   Three members of the public also lost their lives in this attack. Specially trained officers will supp… 
A/Dep Cmsr Rowley:   One of those who died was a police officer from our Parliamenary &amp; Diplomatic Protection Command who h… 
A/Dep Cmsr Rowley, National Lead for Counter Terrorism:   our thoughts are with those that lost their loved ones, were inju… 
LIVE: Latest update from Acting Deputy Commissioner &amp; national lead for Counter Terrorism Policing Mark Rowley re in https…
Worried about family/friends involved in today’s incident in  Westminster? Please call Casualty Bureau on 0800 056 0944 &amp;…
If anyone sees anything suspicious or that causes them concern please call 0800 789 321 ASAP - always call 999 in an emerg…
A/Dep Cmsr Rowley “Our strength as a city is our ability to stand together. We will do all we can to protect the people of…
A/Dep Cmsr Rowley “Sadly, I can confirm that four people have died including one police officer    Westminster 
A/Dep Cmsr Rowley“The attack today injured a number of members of the public including 3 police officers protecting Parlia…
A/Dep Cmsr Rowley, National Lead for Counter Terrorism “We're carrying out a full scale investigation into the events toda… 
Live update re incident in  Westminster   
Incident in  Westminster: Please repo  anything suspicious to the Anti-Terrorist Hotline 0800 789 321. In an emergency ca…
Full statement from Commander Harrington following the incident in  Westminster  London  
Incident in  Westminster: “There will be additional police officers deployed across the Capital. Please remain vigilant”
Cmdr Harrington RE  Westminster: “Public safety is our top priority &amp; we are reviewing our policing stance across  London
Cmdr Harrington RE  Westminster incident: “Our response will be ongoing for some time as it’s impo ant that we gather all…
Cmdr Harrington confirms what we know, but will not speculate. “There are a number of casualties including police officers” 
Cmdr Harrington “The events near Parliament Square  Westminster has been declared a terrorist incident”
Officers – including firearms officers – remain on scene in  Westminster. More info as and when verified
Road closures in place so emergency services can deal with incident in  Westminster – visit our website for info  
If you have photos or film of the incident in  Westminster please make sure you pass them to police  
Incident in  Westminster: We are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise
Latest on Westminster incident    
We remember those who lost their lives in the  BrusselsAttacks one year ago. We stand together against terrorism  ActionCountersTerrorism
Coventry man jailed today for funding terror    
Cardiff man pleads guilty to terrorism offences    
Detective Superintendent Nik Adams on right-wing extremism &amp; Prevent in  No hEast England. Begins 14:58 into show:  
If you see extremist or terrorist material online, repo  it to police immediately. Don't delay, Just ACT…   
Commander Hayden: Just because Ullah’s activity was in the vi ual world we never underestimated how dangerous it was (3/3)
Ullah created online content to aide people in suppo ing  Daesh and to avoid getting caught by the authorities (2/3)
34yo man pleads guilty to 5 terror offences. Samata Ullah from
Major terrorism incident exercise carried out on the River Thames in  London    
UK businesses: take pa  in our survey and tell us what security information you need to help fight terrorism:  
If you suspect something, repo  your concerns to police: you could be saving lives. Just ACT…   
Prevent is coordinated from within communities, not in a secret underground bunker   Insightful Blog 
National CT policing lead Mark Rowley speaking to sho ly to discuss  ActionCountersTerrorism
Police and Security &amp; Intelligence Agencies are committed to keeping you safe. We need your help too. Just ACT…  
code:SEVERE  ActionCountersTerrorism
You could be saving lives - don't worry
Specialist officers will handle your call sensitively and in confidence. Don't worry, don't delay, Just ACT…   
'code:SEVERE'  ActionCountersTerrorism
If you come across extremist or terrorist material online
I'm suppo ing  's new national campaign –  ActionCountersTerrorism. You can read more at  
If you suspect something that could be terrorist related, contact police. Just ACT  ActionCountersTerrorism   
Listen to the inside stories of UK terrorist attacks   'code:SEVERE'  ActionCountersTerrorism  
You can make the difference - if you see something suspicious don't delay, Just ACT  ActionCountersTerrorism   
UK is working with Govt of Iraq to bring  Daesh to justice. Investigative &amp; prosecutorial work is already underway acro…
'code:SEVERE'  ActionCountersTerrorism
Be our eyes &amp; ears &amp; help keep yourself
sPolice: Last year 22k people contacted the Anti-Terrorist Hotline –help us raise this even higher   ActionCountersTerrorism  https…
If it's related to the UK you can repo  it via   or contact your local police immediately.
If you see extremist or terrorist content online, repo  it to police. You can make the difference. Just ACT…   
'It's a wonderful job for women so I'd sincerely encourage women to join’ DAC Ball's story    Intern…
Colleagues   joined more than 180 women at the Women in Public Life event at Mohila Ongon  TowerHamlets…  
You can make the difference, your call could save lives. Just ACT  ActionCountersTerrorism  InternationalWomensDay…   
On International Women's Day   highlights impo ant role women in play in defeating terrorism  IWD2017…  
Repo ing anything that might identify a terrorist threat could save lives. Just ACT  ActionCountersTerrorism  
If you're concerned about something you've seen or heard that could identify a terrorist threat
ActionCountersTerrorism . Have a look at this website. Help us to combat terrorism. Keep  community safe  
ActionCountersTerrorism We all lead busy lives but we need your help to combat terrorism call us on our hotline 0800 789…
You could be saving lives - repo  your concerns to police. Just ACT  ActionCountersTerrorism  
If you see extremist or terrorist content online repo  it anonymously to police. Don't delay, just ACT…   
'Code:SEVERE' Podcast Series - Listen Now
If you see extremist or terrorist content online repo  it to police anonymously. Just ACT  ActionCountersTerrorism  
If you notice something suspicious that could be terrorist related don't delay
When you repo  something suspicious to Police you could be saving lives. Just ACT  ActionCountersTerrorism  
Launching the new  ActionCountersTerrorism campaign in Manchester today. Don't delay ACT  
Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley launches the  ActionCountersTerrorism campaign in  Manchester - find out more at…  
If you notice something suspicious that could be terrorist related don't delay. Just ACT  ActionCountersTerrorism  
Police intervened and prevented him from travelling. This intervention may well have saved lives, including Counsell’s. 
Det Supt Simon Atkinson:   Officers' hard work meant plans were brought to abrupt end before he put them into practice   2/2 
28yo Ryan Counsell from Nottingham sentenced to 8 years in prison for preparing to fight with a terrorist group in…  
35yo man arrested in NW  London
sPolice: Prevent officers give radicalism the boot at   -    
Software updates are a good thing to put on your to-do list today    
Read the  UKDigitalStrategy published today in full at:    
BLOG: How police in the  UK suppo ed families of the  Tunisia attack and gathered crucial information for Inquest…  
New begins his impo ant work tomorrow. We look forward to working with him &amp; offer best…  
s pleased to say we are contributing to this event. See you there
Cmdr Hayden:   Committed to apprehending far right extremists as we are to those who suppo  Daesh. Both intent on destroying communities.   
(2/2) used various methods to stir up hate &amp; had a manual likely to be useful in committing/preparing act of terrorism. 5 years in prison
Creighton was arrested after image seen online of him standing in front of nazi flag…  
Cressida Dick is the first female Commissioner of the Met Police and will be a brilliant beacon for women within and beyo… 
Commissioner   My warmest congratulations to Cressida Dick. She's achieved an incredible amount &amp; deserves the post - a ver… 
Home Secretary Amber Rudd announces Cressida Dick as new Met Police Commissioner. More details on our new media blog http…
5 teenagers arrested as investigate plans to travel &amp; join a proscribed organisation  
UK has strong collaboration between police, security &amp; intelligence agencies. We work relentlessly to keep you saf…   
You can make a real difference. If you see extremist &amp; terrorist propaganda online repo  it anonymously here ==&gt;…  
Highlighting good work  London  UK 'Counter-Radicalisation at the Coalface: Lessons for Europe &amp; Beyond'    
Which strategy should governments adopt to  prevent  radicalisation?  CVE NEWSBRIEF by Jonathan Davis &amp; David Parker  
Prevent anti-terror programme is vital in the battle against extremism   - An insightful contribution from 
36yo man arrested at Heathrow Airpo  on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts  
Impo ant a icle by  Prevent can increase resilience to ...terrorism - but only if it is trusted 
Police across UK are committed to tackling extremism in all its forms, stopping people getting drawn into terrorism…   
BREAKING: Ali Akbar Zeb, 19 (on the left) given a 21 month sentence after distributing extremist literature to promote Dae… 
BREAKING: Humza Ali (20) jailed for 9yrs distributing terrorist publications &amp; attempting to travel Syria. Also given exte…
The sooner we can intervene, better chance of preventing young people becoming embroiled in the conflict &amp; facing potential prosecution  2/2 
ACC Cannot underestimate dangerous nature of  Daesh propaganda, impo ant to hold to account those who share posts   (1/2) 
Ali tried to get to  Syria via Scotland &gt; Belfast &gt; Dublin &gt; Turkey. Ali was refused entry, returned to UK &amp; arrested (2/2) 
Humza Ali (20) from Birmingham 9 years prison: Trying to travel to  Syria to join  daesh &amp; sharing graphic images &amp; video via Whatsapp(1/2)
39yo arrested in  Stoke on suspicion of terrorism offences - Read More:
39yo man arrested in  Stoke on suspicion of inviting suppo  for a proscribed organisation and funding terrorism.
If you see suspicous activity online contact police on 101 or the Confidential Anti-Terrorist Hotline on 0800 789 321
Det Supt Atkinson: 'Grateful his behaviour was quickly repo ed to police
17yo boy 'constructed a viable explosive device, capable of causing injury' and posted images on SnapChat   
Read &amp; Share: Strong Insight   highlighting impo ant work of  Prevent de-radicalising a 9yo boy who had…  
We work closely with   &amp; pa ners at the border to help keep people safe. Be vigilant and repo  any suspicio…  
A man from Bury has been charged with an offence under the Explosives Substance Act.  
Crown Prosecution Service: “Knowingly encouraging people to join/suppo  a proscribed organisation is a serious cri…  
this case highlights strong collaboration between UK forces to confront terrorism  
Cmdr Hayden: men were closely associated with Al-Muhajiroun, a dangerous group which has inspired &amp; influenced numerous terrorists. (3/3) 
Officers from used a range of tactics during a complex operation to collect evidence &amp; bring them to justice (2/3)
5 men from Luton who encouraged suppo  for Daesh with ‘poisonous rhetoric’ jailed for a combined total of more tha…  
44yo man from He fordshire arrested on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts, stopped under Schedule 7 after…   
Man arrested for terrorism offences 
Find out how we destroy illegal firearms so they don't find their way back on to  London's streets  GiveUpYourGun  
We've been working to get  GunsOffOurStreets with  . See how we got on  
Working together we also recovered 4,385 rounds of ammo, over 100 other weapons, 80kgs of drugs &amp; more than £500,000  Gun… 
Over 800 potentially lethal weapons seized &amp; 282 suspects arrested in joint   &amp;   operation  
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. You can help by speaking to   on 0800555111…  
In the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell - RUN - but if there's nowhere to go HIDE…  
Visit   to find how you can repo  extremist material found on social media.  SeeItRepo It  
You can help  STOP Terrorists &amp; Extremists online presence by repo ing content you find online to the  CTIRU via…  
5 things to help keep children safe online, visit   &amp; follow   for more advice o…   
There are lots of resources for Parents, Teachers &amp; School Leaders from   visit…   
We are working with the   to get  GunsOffOurStreets, we dont need your name so contact 0800555111…   
The  STOP button can be found on police websites and many others. Or you can repo  direct at…  
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. You can help by speaking to   on 0800555111…  
Help  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  Extremists Online Presence in 4 easy steps Repo  it to the  CTIRU Visit…  
It might be nothing but...listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have &amp; Call the  ATH 0800 789 321 - Your…  
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It....it could save your life. Watch the full film here…   
Help  STOP terrorists &amp; extremists online presence. Repo  any content you see to the  CTIRU via…  
5 things to help keep children safe online, visit   &amp; follow   for more advice o…   
You can help  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you find to the  CTIRU via…  
There are lots of resources for Parents, Teachers &amp; School Leaders from   visit…   
We are working with   to get  illegalguns off our streets. We dont want your name just the  GunsOffOurStreets…  
Help  STOP terrorists &amp; extremists online presence. Repo  any content you see to the  CTIRU via…  
Visit   &amp; follow   to get their app or pocket guide.  
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It....it could save your life. Watch the full film here…   
The  STOP button can be found on police websites and many others. Or you can repo  direct at…  
In the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell  Run-but if there's nowhere to go  Hide t…  
Find out how you can use the internet safely - Visit   &amp; follow    
It might be nothing but...listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have &amp; Call the  ATH 0800 789 321 - Your…  
Help  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  Extremists Online Presence in 4 easy steps Repo  it to the  CTIRU Visit…  
Terrorists &amp; extremists use the internet &amp; social media, if you see it  STOP it. Repo  it to  CTIRU via…   
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. You can help by speaking to   on 0800555111…  
Terrorists &amp; extremists use the internet &amp; social media, if you see it you can  STOP it. Repo  it to  CTIRU via…   
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have. You can remain anonymous - Call the  ATH 0800789321 - Your c…  
5 things to help keep children safe online, visit   &amp; follow   for more advice o…   
Advice for Parents worried about radicalisation from Call the NSPCC on 0808 800 5000  
In the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell Run-if there's nowhere to go Hide-then wh…  
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have &amp; call the  ATH on  0800789321 Your call could provide vital…  
Don't let  illegalGuns get into  terrorist hands. We dont want your name just the  GunsOffOurStreets so contact Cri…  
You will find lots of help &amp; advice on  InternetSafety by following    …  
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It - it could save your life. Watch full film here…   
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. You can help by speaking to   on 0800555111…  
Today is Holocaust Memorial Day. Together, we should all remember the victims of the Holocaust and genocide  HMD2017 htt… 
The  STOP button can be found on police websites and many others. Or you can repo  direct at…  
We are working with the   to get  GunsOffOurStreets, we dont need your name so contact 0800555111…   
There are lots of resources for Parents, Teachers &amp; School Leaders from   visit…   
Visit    &amp; follow   for online &amp; social media safety advice  
5 things to help keep children safe online, visit   &amp; follow   for more advice o…   
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It. You can watch the full film here - 
You can help  STOP Terrorists &amp; Extremists online presence by repo ing content you find online to the  CTIRU via…  
Find out how you can use the internet safely - Visit   &amp; follow    
.    The threat level is SEVERE-Find out more about it   Everyone can help to combat it
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have-Call the  ATH on 0800 789 321 Your call could provide that vi…  
Visit   to find how you can repo  extremist material found on social media.  SeeItRepo It  
In the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell - RUN - but if there's nowhere to go HIDE…  
Help  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  Extremists Online Presence in 4 easy steps Repo  it to the  CTIRU Visit…  
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. You can help by speaking to   on 0800555111…  
Help  STOP terrorists &amp; extremists online presence. Repo  any content you see to the  CTIRU via…  
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It. Watch the full film here - 
Great to hear   talking about tackling online  radicalisation in Parliament yesterday  webguardians  OnlineS…
We are working with the   to get  GunsOffOurStreets, we dont need your name so contact 0800555111…   
You can help  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you find to the  CTIRU via…  
Visit   to find how you can repo  extremist material you find on social media.  SeeItRepo It  
Hi   thats correct, if the call is silent the operator will ask you to press 55 if you are unable to make any sound or reply to them 
In the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell  Run-but if there's nowhere to go  Hide t…  
Visit    &amp; follow   for online &amp; social media safety advice  
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have. You can remain anonymous - Call the  ATH 0800789321 - Your c…  
Don't let  illegalGuns get into  terrorist hands. We dont want your name just the  GunsOffOurStreets so contact…  
Terrorists &amp; extremists use the internet &amp; social media, if you see it you can  STOP it. Repo  it to  CTIRU via…   
Dont let  IllegalGuns get into terrorists hands. Help get  GunsOffOurStreets by calling 0800 555 111  …  
Help  STOP terrorists &amp; extremists online presence. Repo  any content you see to the  CTIRU via…  
Find out how you can use the internet safely - Visit   &amp; follow    
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. You can help by speaking to   on 0800555111…  
Help  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  Extremists Online Presence in 4 easy steps Repo  it to the  CTIRU Visit…  
In the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell  Run-but if there's nowhere to go  Hide t…  
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have &amp; call the  ATH 0800789321 Your call could save lives.  
Visit   to find how you can repo  extremist material you find on social media.  SeeItRepo It  
Find out how you can use the internet safely - Visit   &amp; follow    
You can help  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you find to the  CTIRU via…  
The   app launches this month &amp; you can get a pocket guide. Visit    &amp; follow…  
In the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell Run-if there's nowhere to go Hide-then wh…  
We are working with the   to get  GunsOffOurStreets, we dont need your name so contact 0800555111…   
You will find lots of help &amp; advice on  InternetSafety by following    …  
The   are right about USA advice, watch our full video &amp; listen to comments re Fight   
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It. Watch the full film here - 
Terrorists &amp; extremists use the internet &amp; social media, if you see it you can  STOP it. Repo  it to  CTIRU via…   
5 things to help keep children safe online, visit   &amp; follow   for more advice o…   
You can  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you see to the  CTIRU via…  
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have. You can remain anonymous - Call the  ATH 0800789321 - Your c…  
Visit    &amp; follow   for online &amp; social media safety advice  
We are working with the   to get  GunsOffOurStreets, we dont need your name so call 0800555111 &amp; speak to…   
There are lots of resources for Parents, Teachers &amp; School Leaders from   visit…   
Find out how you can use the internet safely - Visit   &amp; follow    
We are working with the   to get  GunsOffOurStreets, we dont need your name so contact 0800555111…   
Help  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  Extremists Online Presence in 4 easy steps Repo  it to the  CTIRU Visit…  
Some of these may have ended up on UK streets. Incredible result from 👏  GunsOffOurStreets
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It - it could save your life. Watch full film here…   
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have &amp; call the  ATH on  0800789321 Your call could provide vital…  
The   app launches this month. Visit   to find out more &amp; follow    
You can help  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you find to the  CTIRU via…  
Find out how you can use the internet safely - Visit   &amp; follow    
There are lots of resources for Parents, Teachers &amp; School Leaders from   visit…   
We are working with   to get  illegalguns off our streets. We dont want your name just the  GunsOffOurStreets…  
Visit   to find how you can repo  extremist material you find on social media.  SeeItRepo It  
Terrorists &amp; extremists use the internet &amp; social media, if you see it you can  STOP it. Repo  it to  CTIRU via…   
Advice for Parents worried about radicalisation from Call the NSPCC on 0808 800 5000  
Help  STOP terrorists &amp; extremists online presence. Repo  any content you see to the  CTIRU via…  
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have &amp; call the  ATH 0800789321 Your call could save lives.  
We are working with the   to get  GunsOffOurStreets, we dont need your name so contact 0800555111…   
The   app launches in January 2017. Visit   to find out more &amp; follow…  
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It....it could save your life. Watch the full film here…   
Visit    &amp; follow   for online &amp; social media safety advice  
The  STOP button can be found on police websites and many others. Or you can repo  direct at…  
In the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell  Run-but if there's nowhere to go  Hide t…  
You will find lots of help &amp; advice on  InternetSafety by following    …  
Help  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  Extremists Online Presence in 4 easy steps Repo  it to the  CTIRU Visit…  
Two men among a group of five tried for terrorism offences found guilty    
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. You can help by speaking to   on 0800555111…  
Visit   to find how you can repo  extremist material you find on social media.  SeeItRepo It  
The   app launches this month &amp; you can get a pocket guide. Visit    &amp; follow…  
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It - it could save your life. Watch full film here…   
You can  STOP terrorists &amp; extremists online presence by repo ing it to the  CTIRU via    
Find out how you can use the internet safely - Visit   &amp; follow    
You can  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you see to the  CTIRU via…  
Help  GetGunsOffOurStreets contact   on 0800555111   Watch the full film here…  
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have. You can remain anonymous - Call the  ATH 0800789321 - Your c…  
In the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell Run-if there's nowhere to go Hide-then wh…  
Help  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  Extremists Online Presence in 4 easy steps Repo  it to the  CTIRU Visit…  
We are working with the   to get  GunsOffOurStreets, we dont need your name so contact 0800555111…   
You will find lots of help &amp; advice on  InternetSafety by following    …  
No h West counter Terrorism Unit have arrested a man in Blackpool after comments were made on social media  
Terrorists &amp; extremists use the internet &amp; social media, if you see it  STOP it. Repo  it to  CTIRU via…   
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. You can help by speaking to  …  
Visit   to find how you can repo  extremist material you find on social media.  SeeItRepo It  
Find out how you can use the internet safely - Visit   &amp; follow    
In the unlikely event of a terrorist weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell - Run or Hide &amp; when its sa…  
You can help  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you find to the  CTIRU via…  
Don't let  illegalGuns get into  terrorist hands. We dont want your name just the  GunsOffOurStreets so contact Cri…  
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have &amp; call the  ATH on  0800789321 Your call could provide vital…  
Visit   to find how you can repo  extremist material you find on social media.  SeeItRepo It  
Dont let  IllegalGuns get into terrorists hands. Help get  GunsOffOurStreets by calling 0800 555 111  …  
The   app launches this month &amp; you can get a pocket guide. Visit    &amp; follow…  
In the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell Run-if there's nowhere to go Hide-then wh…  
Help  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  Extremists Online Presence in 4 easy steps Repo  it to the  CTIRU Visit…  
We are working with the   to get  GunsOffOurStreets, we dont need your name so contact 0800555111…   
You will find lots of help &amp; advice on  InternetSafety by following    …  
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It. Watch the full film here - 
Visit   to find how you can repo  extremist material you find on social media.  SeeItRepo It  
Don't let  illegalGuns get into  terrorist hands. We dont want your name just the  GunsOffOurStreets so contact…  
Terrorists &amp; extremists use the internet &amp; social media, if you see it you can  STOP it. Repo  it to  CTIRU via…   
5 things to help keep children safe online, visit   &amp; follow   for more advice o…   
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have. You can remain anonymous - Call the  ATH 0800789321 - Your c…  
You can  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you see to the  CTIRU via…  
Advice for Parents worried about radicalisation from Call the NSPCC on 0808 800 5000  
Visit    &amp; follow   for online &amp; social media safety advice  
We are working with the   to get  GunsOffOurStreets, we dont need your name so call 0800555111 &amp; speak to…   
There are lots of resources for Parents, Teachers &amp; School Leaders from   visit…   
Find out how you can use the internet safely - Visit   &amp; follow    
You can  STOP terrorists &amp; extremists online presence by repo ing it to the  CTIRU via    
We are working with the   to get  GunsOffOurStreets, we dont need your name so contact 0800555111…   
Help  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  Extremists Online Presence in 4 easy steps Repo  it to the  CTIRU Visit…  
In the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell Run-if there's nowhere to go Hide-then wh…  
What can you do after   RUN, HIDE and TELL  ? Use  citizenAID and TREAT  YOUcansavelives 
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It - it could save your life. Watch full film here…   
The   app launches this month &amp; you can get a pocket guide. Visit    &amp; follow…  
the citizenAID Pocket Guide is avaliable from use vouchercode CITIZENAID for free…
CitizenAID app aims to help save lives in a terror attack    vi    
Visit   to find how you can repo  extremist material you find on social media.  SeeItRepo It  
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have &amp; call the  ATH on  0800789321 Your call could provide vital…  
The   app launches this month. Visit   to find out more &amp; follow    
Don't let  illegalGuns get into  terrorist hands. We dont want your name just the  GunsOffOurStreets so contact Cri…  
Advice for Parents worried about radicalisation from Call the NSPCC on 0808 800 5000  
any content that you think is extremist or terrorist related should be repo ed to the  CTIRU
we're looking at ways of enabling as many forms of communication. Ideally needs to cater for all, not just CT issues. 
You can help  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you find to the  CTIRU via…  
You will find lots of help &amp; advice on  InternetSafety by following    …  
thank you for contacting us. This matter is being investigated.
Terrorists &amp; extremists use the internet &amp; social media, if you see it  STOP it. Repo  it to  CTIRU via…   
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have &amp; call the  ATH on 0800789321 Your call could save lives.  
In the unlikely event of a terrorist weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell - Run or Hide &amp; when its sa…  
Don't let  illegalGuns get into  terrorist hands. We dont want your name just the  GunsOffOurStreets so contact Cri…  
Families describe the hea  ache and pain of a loved one being  radicalised Visit    
Find out how you can use the internet safely - Visit   &amp; follow    
The   app launches in January 2017. Visit   to find out more &amp; follow…  
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have &amp; call the  ATH on  0800789321 Your call could save lives.  
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. You can help by speaking to  …  
There are lots of resources for Parents, Teachers &amp; School Leaders from   visit…   
Help  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  Extremists Online Presence in 4 easy steps Repo  it to the  CTIRU Visit…  
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have &amp; call the  ATH 0800789321 Your call could save lives.  
We are working with the   to get  GunsOffOurStreets, we dont need your name so contact 0800555111…   
We are working with   to get  illegalguns off our streets. We dont want your name just the  GunsOffOurStreets…  
You will find lots of help &amp; advice on  InternetSafety by following    …  
You can  STOP terrorists &amp; extremists online presence by repo ing it to the  CTIRU via    
In the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell  Run-but if there's nowhere to go  Hide t…  
Don't let  illegalGuns get into  terrorist hands. We dont want your name just the  GunsOffOurStreets so contact…  
The  STOP button can be found on police websites and many others. Or you can repo  direct at…  
Help  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  Extremists Online Presence in 4 easy steps Repo  it to the  CTIRU Visit…  
Terrorists &amp; extremists use the internet &amp; social media, if you see it you can  STOP it. Repo  it to  CTIRU via…   
Visit   to find how you can repo  extremist material you find on social media.  SeeItRepo It  
Find out how you can use the internet safely - Visit   &amp; follow    
The   app launches in January 2017. Visit   to find out more &amp; follow…  
the  CTIRU deal with content that incites, suppo s, promotes or encourages any form of extremism &amp; terrorism 
Terrorists &amp; extremists use the internet &amp; social media, if you see it you can  STOP it. Repo  it to  CTIRU via…   
IllegalGuns only help gangs &amp; terrorists. Help get  GunsOffOurStreets by calling 0800 555 111  …  
You can help  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you find to the  CTIRU via…  
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It - it could save your life. Watch full film here…   
We are working with the   to get  GunsOffOurStreets, we dont need your name so contact 0800555111…   
Families describe the hea  ache and pain of a loved one being  radicalised Visit    
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have &amp; call the  ATH 0800789321 Your call could save lives.  
There are lots of resources for Parents, Teachers &amp; School Leaders from   visit…   
Terrorists &amp; extremists use the internet &amp; social media, if you see it  STOP it. Repo  it to  CTIRU via…   
Help  STOP terrorists &amp; extremists online presence. Repo  any content you see to the  CTIRU via…  
Merry Christmas to all of our colleagues who can't be at home with their family &amp; friends because they are working to keep us all safe
You will find lots of help &amp; advice on  InternetSafety by following    …  
You can help  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you find to the  CTIRU via…  
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. You can help by speaking to  …  
Help  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  Extremists Online Presence in 4 easy steps Repo  it to the  CTIRU Visit…  
Advice for Parents worried about radicalisation from Call the NSPCC on 0808 800 5000  
Terrorists &amp; extremists use the internet &amp; social media, if you see it you can  STOP it. Repo  it to  CTIRU via…   
Visit   to find how you can repo  extremist material you find on social media.  SeeItRepo It  
Don't let  illegalGuns get into  terrorist hands. We dont want your name just the  GunsOffOurStreets so contact Cri…  
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It - it could save your life. Watch full film here…   
Help stop terrorists or gangs getting their hands on  illegalGuns, we dont need your name so call 0800555111 to hel…   
In the unlikely event of a terrorist weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell - Run or Hide &amp; when its sa…  
Read it twice but couldn't find any ref to our brilliant police CTU'S, NCA, hardworking local cops &amp; community intel 
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have &amp; call the  ATH 0800789321 Your call could save lives.  
We are working with the   to get  GunsOffOurStreets, we dont need your name so contact 0800555111…   
If you are buying phones, game consoles or computers for your kids these 5 top tips can help keep them safe online…   
You can help  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you find to the  CTIRU via…  
Help  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  Extremists Online Presence in 4 easy steps Repo  it to the  CTIRU Visit…  
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. You can help by speaking to  …  
Visit    &amp; follow   for online &amp; social media safety advice  
IllegalGuns only help gangs &amp; terrorists. Help get  GunsOffOurStreets by calling 0800 555 111  …  
the link in the original tweet will take you to the repo ing page, then it will be assessed by  CTIRU 
Keep your Heavy Good Vehicle secure to help reduce criminal activity by following these simple steps with  …
thank you look forward to hearing from you
Hi   if you have seen something pls repo  it via the  STOP button or via  
Police call for public vigilance following Christmas market attack in  Berlin.   Lucy D’Orsi statement https:…
Terrorists &amp; extremists use the internet &amp; social media, if you see it you can  STOP it. Repo  it to  CTIRU via…   
if you have any suggestions pls do get in touch &amp; thank you for your suppo  &amp; sharing our tweets.  WeStandTogether
we work with pa ners  like   ensuring advice we provide is factual/practical &amp; we welcome feedback from survivors
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have &amp; call the  ATH 0800789321...your call could save lives.  
The   app launches in January 2017. Visit   to find out more &amp; follow…  
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It. You can Watch the full film here -   
Trust your instincts or that gut feeling you have-call the  ATH 0800789321 to speak to specially trained officers.Y…  
Don't let  illegalGuns get into  terrorist hands. We dont want your name just the  GunsOffOurStreets so contact…  
we are pa  of   responsible for coordinating counter terrorism policing.
Find out how you can use the internet safely - Visit   &amp; follow    
You can help  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you find to the  CTIRU  
Visit   to find how you can repo  extremist material you find on social media.  SeeItRepo It  
IllegalGuns only help terrorists &amp; gangs. We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets, we don't want you…   
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It. Watch the full film here - 
The   app launches in January 2017. Visit   to find out more &amp; follow…  
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It....it could save your life. Watch the full film here…   
Trust your instincts or that gut feeling you have &amp; call the  ATH 0800789321...your call could save lives.  
Terrorists &amp; extremists use the internet &amp; social media, if you see it you can  STOP it. Repo  it to  CTIRU via…   
IllegalGuns only help gangs &amp; terrorists. Help get  GunsOffOurStreets by calling 0800 555 111  …  
Rely on your instincts or that gut feeling &amp; call the  ATH 0800789321 to speak to specially trained officers in con…  
Isis directs 12-year-old boy to attempt bombing of market   
RunHideTell Watch It
Advice for Parents worried about radicalisation from Call the NSPCC on 0808 800 5000  
Visit    &amp; follow   for online &amp; social media safety advice  
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. You can help by speaking to  …  
Help  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  Extremists Online Presence in 4 easy steps Repo  it to the  CTIRU Visit…  
Find out how to Get Safe Online by following   &amp; visiting    
Police welcome proscription of extreme right wing group National Action  
Watch our videos on   here   learn the system  YOUcansavelives    RunHideTell…
In the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell  Run but if there's nowhere to go  Hide t…  
You can help  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you find to the  CTIRU via…  
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. Call 0800555111 to speak to  …  
What do you do after   RUN, HIDE &amp;TELL  ? Use  citizenAID and TREAT  YOUcansavelives https:… 
-   don't track phone numbers or phone boxes &amp; don't require any personal details from you.
IllegalGuns only help terrorists &amp; gangs. We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets, we don't want you…   
If you are buying phones, game consoles or computers for your kids these 5 top tips can help keep them safe online…   
This is a good read from   about  Prevent  
Find out how you can use the internet safely - Visit   &amp; follow    
You will find lots of help &amp; advice on  InternetSafety by following    …  
Rely on your instincts or that gut feeling &amp; call the  ATH 0800789321 your call could save lives…  
IllegalGuns only help gangs &amp; terrorists. Help get  GunsOffOurStreets by calling 0800 555 111  …  
The  STOP button can be found on police websites and many others. Or you can repo  direct at…  
.  have developed  Treat advice to go with our  RunHideTell advice. Visit   to f…  
RunHideTell - Watch It
Don't let  illegalGuns get into  terrorist hands. We dont want your name just the  GunsOffOurStreets so contact…  
We are working with   to get  illegalguns off our streets. We dont want your name just the  GunsOffOurStreets…  
Trust your instincts or that gut feeling you have &amp; call the  ATH 0800789321...your call could save lives.  
Terrorists &amp; extremists use the internet &amp; social media, if you see it you can  STOP it. Repo  it to  CTIRU via…   
Help to stop  illegalguns getting into terrorists &amp; gangs hands.  GunsOffOurStreets 0800555111   You…  
Transfering military skills and experience to the civilian setting    
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. We dont want your name so call 0800555111  …  
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It....it could save your life. Watch the full film here…   
Help  STOP terrorists &amp; extremists online presence. Repo  any content you see to the  CTIRU via…  
Don't let  illegalGuns get into  terrorist hands. We dont want your name just the  GunsOffOurStreets so contact…  
The police have been sharing the  ATH and  RunHideTell advice for over a year now to raise awareness.
DM us details.
Thanks   you too. Appreciate the suppo .
When you are out shopping, socialising, at a spo s event or travelling to work, be ale  &amp; repo  anything suspici…   
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It....it could save your life. Watch the full film here -…   
.  have developed  Treat advice to go with our  RunHideTell advice. Visit   to f…  
Find out how you can use the internet safely - Visit   &amp; follow    
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It. Watch the full film here - 
The  STOP button can be found on police websites and many others. Or you can repo  direct at…  
IllegalGuns only help gangs &amp; terrorists. Help get  GunsOffOurStreets by calling 0800 555 111  …  
In the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell  Run-but if there's nowhere to go  Hide t…  
Rely on your instincts or that gut feeling &amp; call the  ATH 0800789321 your call could save lives…  
You can  STOP terrorists &amp; extremists online presence by repo ing it to the  CTIRU via    
IllegalGuns only help terrorists &amp; gangs. We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets, we don't want you…   
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It....it could save your life. Watch the full film here -…   
You will find lots of help &amp; advice on  InternetSafety by following    …  
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. Call 0800555111 to speak to  …  
Visit   to find how you can repo  extremist material you find on social media.  SeeItRepo It  
You can help  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you find to the  CTIRU  
Visit    &amp; follow   for online &amp; social media safety advice  
When you are out shopping, socialising, at a spo s event or travelling to work stay ale  &amp; repo  anything suspic…   
Don't let  illegalGuns get into  terrorist hands. We dont want your name just the  GunsOffOurStreets so contact…  
Help  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  Extremists Online Presence in 4 easy steps Repo  it to the  CTIRU Visit…  
Find out how you can use the internet safely - Visit   &amp; follow    
.  have developed  Treat advice to go with our  RunHideTell advice. Visit   to f…  
In the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell  Run-but if there's nowhere to go  Hide t…  
Follow us on FaceBook - Counte errorismPoliceUK &amp; you can watch all of our videos on our YouTube channel…  
Can u help at sho  notice? Meeting bosses in Inverness today to talk benefit/power of Twitter.  How far can this tweet…
it made its way down to London! Show them the hashtag  CTAW2016 from last wk, happy to email you some stats. DM email address 
Police in UK work with organisations like   &amp;   we rely on their input &amp; guidance. Illegal  GunsOffOurStreets
it's not about legal firearms being sold or bought by lawful owners/buyers only illegal firearms used for crime or terrorism
When you are out shopping, socialising, at a spo s event or travelling to work stay ale  &amp; repo  anything suspic…   
IllegalFirearms are passed from owner to owner. You don't know who’ll use it next. Help save a life. Help Get …  
IllegalGuns only help gangs &amp; terrorists. Help get  GunsOffOurStreets by calling 0800 555 111  …  
Great Morning with the Counter Terrorism Internet Referral Unit &amp; ISP's. Awesome to see everyone working together for a safer…
Security increased after Los Angeles terror attack threat  
You will find lots of help &amp; advice on  InternetSafety by following    …  
The  STOP button can be found on police websites and many others. Or you can repo  direct at…  
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It....it could save your life. Watch the full film here -…   

If you are buying phones, game consoles or computers for your kids these 5 top tips can help keep them safe online…   
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have and call the  ATH 0800 78932 - Your call could provide a vita…  
thank you for contacting us, you can repo  online or social media content you think is related to terrorism or extremism 
IllegalGuns only help terrorists &amp; gangs. We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets, we don't want you…   
Help  STOP terrorists &amp; extremists online presence. Repo  any content you see to the  CTIRU via…  
RunHideTell - Watch It, Remember It, Share It....it could save your life.   
thanks for contacting us. Yes please use it, here's a link to it on our YouTube channel   
As  CTAW2016 ends we thank you for your suppo  &amp; ask that you continue to stay ale  &amp; repo  anything suspicious…  
The  STOP button can be found on police websites and many others. Or you can repo  direct at…  
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have and call the  ATH 0800 78932 to speak specially trained offic…  
The threat level remains at severe meaning an attack is highly likely. Be Ale  not Alarmed. Visit…  
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. Call 0800555111 to speak to  …  
Watch this sho  video....it could save your life!  RunHideTell  CTAW2016    
.  Gun crime effects all communities, see the full film here   
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have and call the  ATH 0800789321 to speak specially trained offic…  
You can  STOP terrorists &amp; extremists online presence by repo ing it to the  CTIRU via    
For help &amp; advice on  InternetSafety follow      …  
IllegalFirearms are passed from owner to owner. You don't know who’ll use it next. Help save a life. Help Get …  
When you are out shopping, socialising, at a spo s event or going to work be ale  &amp; repo  anything suspicious…   
We have been sharing  RunHideTell advice via   for some time now. Increased sharing for  CTAW2016
There is no change to the threat level &amp; no specific issue, just intended to raise awareness of  RunHideTell 
National Counter Terrorism Security Office (NaCTSO) work with businesses, crowded places &amp; communities.…   
RunHideTell Watch It, Remember It, Share It...It Could Save Your Life. Watch the full film at…   
We work closely with  MI5 &amp; other intelligence agencies to combat terrorism.Find out more about the Threat…  
Listen out on   today on hr for GM Ben Bush talking about how   has suppo ed Counter Terrorism Awareness Wk @…
.   Intention is not to alarm but to ensure that people are ale .Visit   for more info about the threat
December is a busy month for lots of people, when you are out remain ale  &amp; repo  anything suspicious by calling…   
thanks for your interest if you would like more information about our work please DM us with your contact details.
Make  Illegalguns disappear, we don't want your name so call   Get  GunsOffOurStreets…   
Follow us on FaceBook - Counte errorismPoliceUK &amp; you can watch all of our videos on our YouTube channel…  
RunHideTell - 3 simple words that could save your life.  CTAW2016  
A multi-agency exercise which took place over three days to test the response to a terrorist attack has concluded  
We've teamed up with   &amp;   to carry out an in depth study into online radicalisation  
You can  STOP terrorists &amp; extremists online presence by repo ing it via    CTAW2016  
Please accept our apologies we missed the number 1 off the  ATH number in the tweet below. The full  ATH number is…  
.   thanks for pointing that out &amp; Sorry for the mistake. The full  ATH number is 0800789321  CTAW2016
This year we’ve run 220 sessions - including in Edinburgh and Glasgow - training rail staff on recognising suspicious beha…
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. We dont want your name so repo  via    
Watch this sho  video....it could save your life!  RunHideTell  CTAW2016  
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. Call 0800555111 to speak to  …  
The threat level remains at severe meaning an attack is highly likely. Be Ale  not Alarmed.  CTAW2016  
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have and call the  ATH 0800 789321 to speak specially trained offi…  
The  STOP button can be found on police websites and many others. Or you can repo  direct at…  
Watch it, Remember it, Share it -  RunHideTell - It could save your life  CTAW2016   
We inspect police forces to assess their preparedness in the event of a terrorist attack &amp; and their response to an attack  CT…
Specialist response officers are also trained and equipped to deal with chemical, biological and radiological threats.  CTAW2016 h… 
Find out more about how we respond to repo s of suspicious items on the railway and underground  CTAW2016  
Counter terrorism is the subject of our live Q&amp;A at midday today. Get involved with the hashtag  PreventTerrorism  CTA…
We have raised this question &amp; will be updating everyone soon. Thanks for your interest &amp; suppo .
A live Q&amp;A with Prevent Lead DS Chris Hams will be held on Wednesday. Ask a question via   using hashta…
Working to keep you safe during counter terrorism awareness week  CTAW2016  ProjectServator    …
We’re urging  aviation community to be vigilant. Trust your instincts. Repo  anything suspicious  CTAW2016  avgeek
We will be posting live today &amp; tomorrow from    CTAW2016  
Multi-Agency Maritime Operation conducted in the  Solent area 29/11  ProjectKraken  CTAW2016 h…
Women working in  Counte errorism policing made this pledge for  IWD2016 but the pledge goes beyond that day.…  
Would you know what to do? Follow these three simple steps....they could save your life.  RunHideTell  CTAW2016…  
For help &amp; advice on  InternetSafety follow      …  
.  have developed  Treat advice to go with our  RunHideTell advice. Visit   to f…  
Find out how you can protect your family with this guide from  CTAW2016  
STOP terrorists &amp; extremists online presence by repo ing content you find online &amp; on social media…  
Find out how you can use the internet safely - Visit   &amp; follow    CTAW2016  
Listen to   the   National  Prevent Lead speaking about how  PreventWorks  CTAW2016  
Today  CTAW2016 is highlighting  Prevent visit    PreventWorks  
Watch this sho  video....it could save your life!  RunHideTell  CTAW2016  
Listen to your instincts or that gut feeling you have and call the  ATH 0800 78932 to speak specially trained offic…  
ProjectServator   h   &amp;  …  
You can  STOP terrorists &amp; extremists online presence by repo ing it via    CTAW2016  
This week is Counter Terrorism Awareness Week.
Hi   online &amp; social content should be repo ed via the  STOP button   thank y…  
Hi   online &amp; social content should be repo ed via the  STOP button   thank you for your suppo 
Hi   online &amp; social content should be repo ed via the  STOP button   thank you…  
RunHideTell - 3 simple words that could save your life.  CTAW2016  
OUT NOW! A book to assist everyone to  CVE &amp; prevent terrorism. Plz  . :    https:…
New police plan to mobilise communities and disrupt terrorists. Find out more, visit CTAW2016 @… 
CTAW2016 launches today &amp; we’ll be tweeting info &amp; advice all week  RunHideTell  StaySafe  
Learn more about our specialist units during  CTAW2016 and how we keep you safe and secure on the railway.  
CT Awareness Week sta s today-follow  CTAW2016 to find out how BTP keeps you safe on the railway &amp; how you can help  
ProjectServator patrols at   this morning for CT awareness week. Find out more here -  
CTAW2016 sta s today, we will be posting all week.   
Seen someone or something suspicious? Think it might be terrorist or extremist related? It's Probably Nothing, But.…   
Counter Terrorism Awareness Week 2016 sta s tomorrow. You can keep track by using  CTAW2016 &amp;  Counte errorismUK  
Find out how to Get Safe Online by following   &amp; visiting    
You can help  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you find to the  CTIRU via…  
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. You can help by speaking to  …  
Help  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  Extremists Online Presence in 4 easy steps Repo  it to the  CTIRU Visit…  
Seen someone or something suspicious?  Think it may be connected to Terrorism or Extremism? It might be nothing but…  
Don't let  illegalGuns get into  terrorist hands. We dont want your name just the  GunsOffOurStreets so contact…  
Follow us on errorismpoliceuk &amp;  
For help &amp; advice on  InternetSafety follow    
We will be providing updates throughout the week about  CTAW2016 activity across the country  
Our Small Po s officers will be out on patrol today suppo ing  CTAW2016 Remember if you see any suspicious activity repor…
Here's ACC Steve Johnson to tell you what we're doing to tackle terrorism  YourViewCounts  CTAW2016  
Do you know someone who owns an illegal gun? Help save a life. Help protect your community. Repo  information to…  
In the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell  Run-but if there's nowhere to go  Hide t…  
Seen someone or something suspicious?  Think it may be connected to Terrorism or Extremism? It might be nothing but…  
You can help  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you find to the  CTIRU  
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. You can help by speaking to  …  
Find out how to Get Safe Online by following   &amp; visiting    
Seen someone or something suspicious?  Think it may be connected to Terrorism or Extremism? It might be nothing but…  
Help  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  Extremists Online Presence in 4 easy steps Repo  it to the  CTIRU Visit…  
This video explains how the STOP button works.  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  extremists Online Presence - Repo  it to  CTIRU  
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. You can help by speaking to  …  
Visit   to find how you can repo  extremist material you find on social media.  SeeItRepo It  
that's great news thanks
You can help  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you find to the  CTIRU via…  
You can help  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you find to the  CTIRU  
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. We dont want your name so repo  to   via…  
Seen someone or something suspicious?  Think it may be connected to Terrorism or Extremism? It might be nothing but…  
In the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell  Run-but if there's nowhere to go  Hide t…  
Help us  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  Extremists Online Presence by repo ing content you see to the  CTIRU via…  
Advice for Parents worried about radicalisation from Call the NSPCC on 0808 800 5000  
In the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell  Run-but if there's nowhere to go  Hide t…  
Compelling personal account from a mother whose son was killed in Syria. A must read a icle by  
We are working with   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. You can help by speaking to  …  
This video explains how the STOP button works.  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  extremists Online Presence - Repo  it to  CTIRU  
Seen someone or something suspicious?  Think it may be connected to Terrorism or Extremism? It might be nothing but…  
Help  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  Extremists Online Presence in 4 easy steps Repo  it to the  CTIRU Visit…  
If you are concerned about someone you know being radicalised contact your local  Prevent team by calling 101  
For help &amp; advice on  InternetSafety follow    
Do you know someone who owns an illegal gun? Help save a life. Help protect your community. Repo  information to…  
Find out how to Get Safe Online by following   &amp; visiting    
Would you know what to do? Watch this video to find out what to do in a firearms or weapons attack  RunHideTell  
Follow us on errorismpoliceuk &amp;  
Help us  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  Extremists Online Presence by repo ing content you see to the  CTIRU via…  
In the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell  Run-but if there's nowhere to go  Hide t…  
Seen someone or something suspicious?  Think it may be connected to Terrorism or Extremism? It might be nothing but…  
Don't let  illegalGuns get into  terrorist hands. We dont want your name just the  GunsOffOurStreets so contact…  
You can help  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you find to the  CTIRU  
Want to know more about Prevent? Visit   &amp; follow them    
IllegalFirearms are passed from owner to owner. You don't know who’ll use it next. Help save a life. Help us get …  
A great  Prevent resource for schools and educators.  Ealingonlinesafety  
Watch the sho   RunHideTell video, remember it and share it. It could save your life.   
thank you for contacting us. If you would like a copy please DM us with contact details.
The  STOP button is on police &amp; government websites,   &amp;   websites. Help  STOP…   
Visit    &amp; follow   for online &amp; social media safety advice  
Advice for Parents worried about radicalisation from Call the NSPCC on 0808 800 5000  
Would you know what to do in weapons or firearms attack? Watch this sho  film to find out.  RunHideTell  
It's Probably Nothing...But - Call the confidential  ATH on 0800789321 - In an emergency always call 999  
Innocents are often caught in the crossfire of  GunCrime. Help save a life –repo  any information on…  
How can you repo  online content? The  STOP button - visit   &amp;  STOP  Terrorists &amp;…  
RunHideTell - 3 simple instructions that could save your life.  
We are working with the   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. We dont want your name just the guns so repo  it to…  
How we talk about  Prevent is vitally impo ant &amp; having positive system of critique is equally impo ant  
Children as young as nine calling Childline over Isis terrorism fears  
Follow us on errorismpoliceuk &amp;  
You can help  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you find to the  CTIRU  
Don't let  illegalGuns get into  terrorist hands. We dont want your name just the  GunsOffOurStreets so contact…  
Watch the sho   RunHideTell video, remember it and share it. It could save your life.   
Seen someone or something suspicious?  Think it may be connected to Terrorism or Extremism? It might be nothing but…  
Our website is back online now. The full website is still under development. Keep checking our feed for updates.
This video explains how the STOP button works.  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  extremists Online Presence - Repo  it to  CTIRU  
In the rare event of a weapons or firearms attack you should  RunHideTell  Run-but if there's nowhere to go  Hide t…  
Advice for Parents worried about radicalisation from Call the NSPCC on 0808 800 5000  
Visit    &amp; follow   for online &amp; social media safety advice  
The  STOP button is on police &amp; government websites,   &amp;   websites. Help  STOP…   
We are experiencing some technical issues with our website. Thank you for your patience while we work to resolve th…  
Surviving the  Bataclan: 'You have to live life to the full for the people who died'  
It's Probably Nothing...But - Call the confidential  ATH on 0800789321 - In an emergency always call 999  
Do you know someone who owns an illegal gun? Help save a life. Help protect your community. Repo  information to…  
Would you know what to do in weapons or firearms attack? Watch this sho  film to find out.  RunHideTell  
The anniversary of the  Paris attacks are a sad reminder of why you should be prepared &amp; remember  RunHideTell  
Today our thoughts are with the 130 killed and 368 injured in the terrorist attacks in  Paris last year.  
Help us  STOP  Terrorists &amp;  Extremists Online Presence by repo ing content you see to the  CTIRU via…  
Our website   will be live soon. Follow us on errorismpoliceuk &amp;  …  
Watch the sho   RunHideTell video, remember it and share it. It could save your life.   
Don't let  illegalGuns get into  terrorist hands. We dont want your name just the  GunsOffOurStreets so contact…  
It's Probably Nothing.....But if you have seen someone or something suspicious &amp; think its related to terrorism cal…  
We are working with the   to get  GunsOffOurStreets. We dont want your name just the guns so repo  it to…  
You can help  STOP  terrorists &amp;  extremists online presence by repo ing content you find to the  CTIRU  
We are also on Facebook -   errorismpoliceuk and we have a YouTube Channel    
.   the anniversary of  the  Paris attacks are a sad reminder why we need to share the  RunHideTell advice.
RunHideTell - 3 simple instructions that could save your life.  
Today our thoughts are with the many fallen service men &amp; women and surviving  veterans.  WeWillRemembe hem  
PM: Today we pay our respects to those who have made huge sacrifices for our freedom  ArmisticeDay  
Can't make it to Trafalgar Square today? Join us online as we live stream Silence in the Square:    …
At the going down of the sun, and in the morning, we will remember them.  lestweforget  ArmisticeDay   
Would you know what to do? Watch this video to find out what to do in a firearms or weapons attack  RunHideTell  
We will be  Tweeting from tomorrow. We are also on Facebook -   errorismpoliceuk and have a YouTube Channel…  
We will be live on this account in November 2016 &amp; our new website will be launching in November. Follow us now for updates re the launch.
Thank you Ivan for your voice of compassion and understanding. Agree we must stop demonising now.  moreincommon  
Peace Foundation    to suppo  Survivors Against Terror Network  WeStandToget…
Peace Foundation    to suppo  Survivors Against Terror Network  WeStandToge…
Excited to be working with the Peace Foundation to make sure survivors of terror get the help they need…  
verkaik1 Thanks Robe !
My repo  into the new group founded by survivors and victim families of atrocities including: Brussels metro bombings, Tunisi… 
So honoured to be pa  of the new network,  survivorsagainstterror with such amazing inspiring people. Together we have more… 
Impo ant development. Respect to all who’ve had the courage to step forward. We will listen &amp; act on what you say.  sur…
Dan Hett who lost his brother Ma yn in the Arena attack and Travis Frain who was injured in the Westminster bridge at…
The Tim Parry Johnathan Ball Peace Foundation   operates the Survivors Assistance Network  …
Hi there, nice to hear from you  - please get in touch at survivorsagainstterror .com 
THANKYOU for the incredible suppo  we have had for the launch of  survivorsagainstterror from people who have been…  
In the last 24 hours we have seen an absolutely amazing number of people getting in touch to join us, survivors of…   
Great to be working alongside   who do so much to provide counselling to survivors. We need m…  
We suppo  the newly formed  survivorsagainstterror group and share their unwavering commitment to tackling terrorism…
Hi Barry - we would love to hear from you please get in touch here survivorsagainstterror .com
mildly frazzled after running the press gauntlet for the launch of Survivors Against Terror, but more than wo h it. immensely… 
We are made up of a wide range of people, from different backgrounds and with very different experiences, all comin…   
I have incredible admiration for the newly formed  survivorsagainstterror group. Their ambition to bring positive change a…
The widow of a man from Ha lepool killed in Brussels is among those calling for more suppo  against terror attacks  …
It would have been a lifeline for me   - 7/7 survivor   is pa  of a new group, Survivors Against Terror, aimed at… 
Thanks for having me   . Enjoyed talking about the need for   to offer victims and survivors the chan…

British victims of terror launch new group to fight extremism  survivorsagainstterror    …  
Here at BBC Millbank for an interview for BBC Scotland about the launch of Survivors Against Terror.  
Anyone who has been injured or bereaved by a terror attack and wants to be pa  of fighting extremism please join u…  
Busy day ahead as we launch our new campaign  survivorsagainstterror if you have been affected by terrorism we woul…  
Excited to launch  survivorsagainstterror to help our country tackle terrorism more effectively  
Survivors Against Terror is a network of family members who have lost a loved one to terror and survivors of terror…  
Macerata, shooting in the city center, 6 foreigners wounded: Italian man arrested   
'German rapper-turned-jihadi Denis Cuspe  repo edly killed in Syria'  
Brother and two cousins of Rachid Kassim have been arrested in France  
'Alleged Al Qaeda Associate Charged With Conspiring To Kill Americans And Other Terrorism Offenses' ( )  
'The  Crime– Terror Nexus in the United Kingdom and Ireland' – by   and  , project…   
3. In the past, Muhamad served 10 years in prison for international terrorism, as ruled by Cou  of Milan. He was l…   
2. The man is also pa  of a wider investigation into international  terrorism. However, according to local media,…   
1.  Bari, Southern  Italy: the sentence of Majid Muhamad—a 46-year-old Iraqi national imprisoned for aiding and abe…   
'The Others: Foreign Fighters in  Libya' – by    
On January 12th, Italy set up a joint operations room with Libya, with the aim of countering terrorism, transnation…   
'  We will get him  : the long hunt for Isis leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi'  IS  AlBaghdadi   
ICYMI: Combining original research, hundreds of pages of legal documents, &amp; interviews, our researchers exclusively identified… 
The trial of Mullah Krekar—which was expected to begin today—is confirmed to be postponed, for the third time   
3. She is now willing to prevent other people from following the same path. She also co-wrote a book in Italian, ti…   
2. The woman regretted not having the strength to actively oppose his son’s increasingly rigid views. After Zaghba…  
1. An interview with Valeria Collina, mother of Youssef Zaghba—one of the perpetrators of the June 2017 London Brid…   
Public Prosecutor’s Office in Brescia, No hern Italy, is currently investigating some money transfers. People link…   
Heathrow Airpo : a 27-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts  
'Sulla lotta al terrorismo l'Italia ha perso un'occasione. Perseverare sarebbe diabolico'    
If you haven't read our Dossier yet—released last November—you can find it here. It includes various analyses on…  
Vendin-le-Vieil, France: 3 prison guards have been assailed by Christian Ganczarski—a detainee who allegedly was an…   
'Akayed Ullah Indicted on Terrorism and Explosives Charges in Connection With the Detonation of a Bomb in New York…  
'Only Five Belgian Fighters in Iraq and Syria Returned to Belgium in 2017'
Cou  of Assizes in Milan, Italy: a 35-year-old Tunisian man is being tried for apology of terrorism. He stated tha…   
Terror threat in the world: according to US Depa ment of State, Italy has a “Level 2” Travel Advisory—meaning “Exe…   
Italy to change track in Africa - adopting a more strategic approach towards assisting local allies on border contr…  
‘The story of Emilie König: How a French nightclub barmaid became a notorious Isis recruiter’  

'Balkan Terror Trials Reveal Links to Western Europe' - Connections to Italy, Austria and Germany 
You can also find the repo  here:    
oday: France foils 20 planned terror attacks in 12 months  
Ritorno  foreignfighters: una minaccia? di Lorenzo Vidino e  →    
Italian authorities in Milan received a significant terrorism ale  on New Year's Eve. Under threat: a hotel pa y…  
Italy to deploy 470 soldiers and 150 vehicles to Niger to train and advise local forces, carry out surveillance mis…   
Reinares:  7 out of 10 of those radicalized in Spain  are radicalized from in-person interactions and have links with…
Meeting between Italian and Balkan Police Heads at the Higher School of Police in Rome. Themes covered: the fight o…  
Italy: a 49-year-old Tunisian man living near Imperia, region of Liguria, is currently under investigation for terr…   
Turin, Italy: Mouner El Aoual, a 29-year-old Moroccan national, has been sentenced to 6 years in prison for terrori…   
On the case of Meriem Rehaily,  see this   Research Paper: 
Italian foreign fighter Meriem Rehaily, sentenced, in absentia, to four years, and due to be expelled from Italy up…   

Terrorism: according to Italy’s Supreme Cou  of Cassation, a like to an IS video can be strong evidence of guilt   
Rome also referenced in amateur propaganda  
An image of the Duomo of Milan as a target appears on ISIS Telegram accounts  
New York police file terrorism charges against subway bombing suspect  
French fighters appear with Islamic State in Afghanistan
The Moroccan man who was expelled from Belluno, Italy, this past Friday was due to be released from prison, where h…   
The New York Po  Authority Terminal attack is the 19th jihadist attack on US soil since June 2014. The US is the s…  
HappeningNow:  ,  ,  ,   and   update New Yorkers on explosion at  Po Authority… 
Four people have been injured, according to fire officials 
According to   Bill De Blasio,  NewYork blast was an ‘attempted terrorist attack’ ( ) 
Official: Man had explosive device strapped on before blast    
“Understanding Push and Pull Factors in Kosovo: Primary Interviews with Returned Foreign Fighters and their Familie…  
Turkey: Trial Begins Against Suspects in  Istanbul Nightclub Attack ( )  
Iraqi Prime Minister al-'Abadi declares that the war with the Islamic State is over ( )  
According to local media, a 26-year-old Moroccan man has been depo ed from Italy. While in prison, he showed a vio…   
‘Attacks in London and Manchester: Independent Assessment of MI5 and Police Internal Reviews’  
Mohammed Abdallah guilty of joining Islamic State  
Palermo, Sicily: according to Italian media, a Libyan researcher has been acquitted of terrorism charges   
Effo s by groups like  ISIS to inspire attacks in the United States have yielded meager results thus far, says  … 
‘Countering Violent Extremism and Radicalisation that Lead to Terrorism: Ideas, Recommendations, and Good Practices from the OS… 
Latest Ministry of Justice figures mention the presence of 50 radicalized and 300   at risk   individuals present in Italian Prisons. 
An Algerian man who proclaimed himself as an Imam, detained in the Sassari Prison and due to be released, was stopp…   
David Anderson’s independent assessment of the MI5 and police reviews of the London and Manchester attacks is now availab…
Two Albanian nationals have been depo ed from Italy for security reasons. One of them actively took pa  in a pro-…  
If you haven't read the repo    Fear Thy Neighbor. Radicalization and Jihadist Attacks in the West    …   
MI5 reveal nine UK terror plots were foiled in the past year  
Manchester Arena bomber had been   subject of interest   and oppo unities to stop him were missed, repo  says 
According to Italian media, an investigation into forged residence permits in Salerno (Southern Italy) has been han…   
“From Palermo, Sicily, to Somalia”. A few months ago, some modified trucks were dispatched to Somalia. 8 individual…   
Hot off the presses, new repo  by   director,  .   
After  Med2017: you can download the repo    Looking Ahead: Cha ing New Paths For the Mediterranean  . It also feat…   
Lorenzo Vidino “Necessity for stronger, long term measures of collaboration between Europe and No h Africa, in the…   
“States must not only focus on deradicalization of individuals  - you cannot deradicalize someone a…  
Great panel on Rooting Out Radicalization: Effective Preventive Measures, going on right now at  MED2017. Moderated…   
Lorenzo Vidino “No hern and Southern shores of the Mediterranean must help each other to combat radicalization, of…   
Olivier Roy “Radicalization a generational problem with a religious tone”
“Education the key to deradicalization - we must ‘immunize’ our children from the poisonous message…  
Mr. Aoun “Address issues that affect youth and aid radicalization - similar patterns in Europe and in the Middle East”  MED2017
Panel “Rooting Out Radicalization: Effective Preventive Measures” going on right now at  MED2017. Moderated by Stef…  
The preliminary hearing for Italian foreign fighter from Brescia, N. Italy, Anas el Abboubi, and friend Radi Hassan…   
Prosecutors call for indictment of the 3 Kosovar men accused of plotting a terrorist attack in Venice. Officials al…  
Tunisian-national with significant criminal record stopped at Verona's Po a Nuova Train Station. Had been flagged…  
4 year sentence confirmed for 32-year-old Syrian ISIS militant, arrested at Orio al Serio Airpo  (Bergamo, Italy)…   
10 people arrested in No hern Italy, for drug and human trafficking. Investigations could not rule out links to in…   
New CTC sentinel, in cover a icle, Mohammed Hafez argues the Islamic State is just the latest example of a “fratri…   
A limited number of seats is still available for PreMED events in Rome. Register here for the Spo  Forum (11/29 -  

‘The jihadist plan to use women to launch the next incarnation of ISIS’  
IS in Sinai   by our former Research Fellow   
aserafini: La   nuova   frontiera dell'Isis, il Sinai   
According to Italian Minister of Interior, Marco Minniti, speaking yesterday at the Rome seminary of the NATO PA Me…   
Analysis: Islamic State media output goes into sharp decline  
Countries that suffered the greatest impact from terrorism in the 2017 Global Terrorism Index:
Sentence also reduced from 6 to 5 years and 4 months for accomplice Abderrahmane Khachia. The Moroccan-national is…  
Sentence reduced from 5 to 3 years and 4 months for Salma Bencharki, wife of jihadist Abderrahim Moutaharrik. Will…   
French police arrest 6 people accused of plotting an attack on the Reims Christmas Market, in the No heastern regi…   
1. Radio silence on all official  IS media channels for 24 hours running. Even judging by October's standards, this is u… 
According to  , a 15-year-old boy residing near Lodi, No hern Italy, has been arrested over terrorism. H…   
The father of Italian foreign fighter Maria Giulia Sergio has passed away. She left for Syria in 2014. Her family (…  
Dal 30 novembre al 2 dicembre si svolgerà a Roma la terza edizione del Forum MED – Mediterranean Dialogues, promosso da  … 
The third edition of the Rome MED - Mediterranean Dialogues will be held in Rome from 30 November to 2 December 2017. For i…
In case you missed our latest Dossier on terrorism in Italy and returning foreign fighters, you can find the link h…   
Italian police: lacking funds, fu her 200 million euros required for counter-terrorism   
A 37-year-old Moroccan man has been depo ed from Italy. He wanted to join IS, and he repo edly had the intention…   
From   Attacks Database: Of the 8 terrorists who carried out 7 attacks in Germany between June 2014-Novem…
From   Attacks Database: Of the 8 terrorists who carried out 7 attacks in Germany between June 2014-N…  
German authorities have arrested 6 Syrian refugees in the towns of Kassel, Hannover, Essen and Leipzig, believed to…   
Kamal Guendoz, a 53-year-old Algerian national, previously connected to the Islamic Salvation Front, initially trie…   
In latest al-Naba release, ISIS   claims   38 terrorist operations carried out by 60 jihadists in 19 countries over t…   
A clutch of white jihadis groomed in the suburban commuter towns no hwest of London have traveled from Britain to join…
A   &amp;   work on  11M published by   sho listed for Airey Neave Memorial Book Prize
Contatti con Isis: tre sospetti terroristi espulsi dall’Italia    
Archiviate le accuse contro Sara Pilè, la ragazza bresciana di 26 anni conve ita all’Islam e accusata di terrorism…   
.  A icles of the Week – 11/11-11/17   Featuring    …
Italiani radicalizzati all'estero: sono gli oriundi del jihadismo italiano.
Incontri    per  
La grande apprensione diplomatica francese riguardo la so e delle famiglie dei jihadisti detenute in Iraq.…  
Italiani radicalizzati all'estero: sono gli oriundi del jihadismo italiano.
Ismail Tommaso Hosni, the 22-year-old Italian-Tunisian who attacked an army/police patrol in the Milan Central Stat…   
Today we’re releasing a new paper by   uro_varvelli entitled ‘Islamic State's Re-organization in Libya and Potential Connecti…
Jihadist of Italian origin (Domenico G.) was repo edly involved in the logistics of the November 2015 Paris Attack…  
What makes these ideologies appealing is not their content but the strong collective identity they offer  
Actividad yihadista en España, 2013-2017: de la Operación Cesto en Ceuta a los atentados en Cataluña 
“Les attaques de Verviers, du Thalys, du 13 novembre à Paris et du 22 mars à Bruxelles sont peut-être une grande et unique o… 
Check out European Commissioner for the Security Union   video message endorsing our recent repo  (‘Fear Thy Neighbor’)…
Il mio contributo per sulla nuova legge antiterrorismo francese, pensata per superare il re… 
Francia: la nuova legge antiterrorismo di Macron   
Disfatta ISIS e Foreign Fighters di ritorno: il caso italiano   Repo  di  , Ispettore dell'   ch… 
Il ritorno dei foreign fighters europei: rischi e prospettive   Analisi sul ritorno dei combattenti jihadisti in Europa… 
Details on the evolution of jihadist activity, the ISIS moblization, the pathways of radicalization, and the Italia…   
Nel nostro nuovo Dossier potete trovare notizie su combattenti di ritorno da Siria e Iraq, situazione terrorismo in…   
Terrorism in Europe: Foreign Fighters and Prevention. Read about what trends are affecting Europe and Italy and how…  
«Armi e reazione rapida», in campo la nuova polizia anti-Isis ( )   
22enne egiziana residente a Gratosoglio espulsa. Secondo le autorità era pronta a compiere un attentato
Disfatta ISIS e Foreign Fighters di ritorno: il caso italiano   Repo  di  , Ispettore dell'…   
Il ritorno dei foreign fighters europei: rischi e prospettive   Analisi sul ritorno dei combattenti jihadisti in Eu…   
The Jihadist threat in Italy: A Primer   An overview of the status of jihadist terrorism in Italy. By our Director,…   
Terrorismo in Europa: Foreign Fighters e Prevenzione. Leggete quali tendenze stanno impattando l'Italia e l'Europa…  
Terrorism in Europe: Foreign Fighters and Prevention. Read about what trends are affecting Europe and Italy and how…  
Inizio dell'evento   Terroristi di casa nostra: chi sono? Come contrastarli?  . Seguiteci con l'hashtag  terroristincasa http… 
It's been 2 years since France's worst ever terror attacks, when jihadists killed 130 people in Paris and injured hundreds… 
Milano, la città italiana con più espulsioni per terrorismo. 22 in 3 anni. 
Oggi 13/11 alle 17.30:   Terroristi di casa nostra: chi sono? Come contrastarli?   con Paolo Magri,  , Olivier… 
Our Senior Research Fellow   has written an op-ed for   Is Islamic State losing control of its 'vi u…
The European Union Commissioner for the Security Union    endorses our repo    Fear Thy Neighbor: Radicaliza…   
Hamza bin Laden now has 8 statements to his name. First 5 intended to mobilize, call for attacks etc. Last 3 changed in c… 
The survey Italy  by   focuses on Italian citizens' perception of threat. 43% of them see terrorism…  
La ricerca Italy  di   approfondisce le preoccupazioni degli italiani circa i rischi percepiti. Il 4…  
Don't miss out our research fellow's   a icle for the Ties that Bind: Dynamics of Group R…   
Trovate qui la Relazione Annuale sulla Politica dell'Informazione per la Sicurezza, con impo anti spunti sul terro…   
Check out  's interview of our Director, Lorenzo Vidino, on the NYC attack 
See our groundbreaking study   Fear thy Neighbor    on the terrorist attacks on the West from 2014-2017. In collabora…   
Analysis by our Director, Lorenzo Vidino, for  , on the threat posed by returning foreign fighters. 
We are pleased to announce the creation of the official twitter account of   The Center on Radicalization…  
Our new Tactics and Operational Trends piece: Terrorists trying but failing to arm drones  TerrorismTracker…  
TerrorismTracker data shows that Construction and Oil and Gas are the most targeted sectors of 2017  
New feature:  IslamicState official propaganda output in decline  
TerrorismTracker data shows that  Construction has been the most targeted sector by terrorist groups between Septe…  
TerrorismTracker new feature: Tracking far-right violence in Western  Europe   
TerrorismTracker data shows that 27 attacks involved the use of a vehicle as a weapon since 2014. Nineteen incidents occurred in the West.
TerrorismTracker recorded 17 attacks against businesses in No h  America &amp; Western  Europe in '17…  
TerrorismTracker data recorded 79 PKK attacks in  Turkey this year, down 51.2% compared with the same period in 2016. 
TerrorismTracker data shows that 60% of NPA attacks in the  Philippines targeted businesses in September, +25% in comparison to August. 
TerrorismTracker data shows that 65% of attacks/plots in  Russia this year were claimed or inspired by  IslamicState, up from 34% in 2016 
TerrorismTracker recorded 126 incidents in  MENA in September, a 5% increase from August. 
TerrorismTracker data shows that  ELN attacks have increased by more than half since ceasefire announcement with  Colombia gov. on 4 Sept.
TerrorismTracker recorded 77 attacks in W.  Europe since Jan. A 26.3% increase in comparison to same period in 201…  
Terrorist attacks on  businesses so far in 2017.    oilandgas  construction  retail…  
TerrorismTracker data shows that there have been 52 terrorist attacks in  Colombia so far this year.  
Our analysts discuss right-wing extremism across Western Europe following a terrorist attack in the  UK on 19 June: https…
Register now to join our webinar on ‘Anticipating instability in  CentralAsia’:  
TerrorismTracker:  UK has suffered more  terrorist attacks since Jan 2016 than any other  EU country (47)  France…  
Our  terrorism analyst discusses the threat of vehicular attacks in last week's  's webinar. Recording:  
Ahead of  KenyaElection,  TerrorismTracker data shows that there were 12 attacks in  Kenya in May 2017, more than a…   
Our lead  terrorism analyst will address the threat of vehicular attacks in  ’s webinar tomorrow. Listen in http…
TerrorismTracker:  PKK in  Turkey have carried out at least 28 attacks in 2017 - a 55% decrease compared with the…  
TerrorismTracker: There have been 42 terrorist attacks in  Mali in 2017, a 29% increase from the same period in 20…   
TerrorismTracker: At least 16 terrorist attacks in  No hernIreland so far in 2017, compared with 9 over the same…   
TerrorismTracker  Finance  Business  Terrorism  
TerrorismTracker:  BokoHaram attacks outside of  Nigeria in the last year:  Cameroon (28),  Niger (6),  Chad (3)   
TerrorismTracker:  AbuSayyaf has claimed 11 terrorist attacks in  Philippines so far in 2017, a 64% increase from…   
TerrorismTracker:  Terrorist attacks on  businesses by region - 2016 to present.  
TerrorismTracker: Attacks with vehicles used as improvised weapons became the deadliest  terrorist tactic last yea…  
TerrorismTracker  
TerrorismTracker: At least 42% of  anarchist attacks globally since 2010 have targeted  businesses.  
TerrorismTracker: There have been 37 terrorist attacks in the  West so far in 2017. A 5% increase compared with th…  
85% of attacks in  India this year have occurred in or near the  RedCorridor area. Most attacks have been committed by  Maoist militants.
TerrorismTracker: There have been at least 113 attacks in  India this year. A 71% increase compared with the same…  
TerrorismTracker: The suicide bombing at a bus station in  Damascus  Syria on 11 March killed at least 74 people and wounded 120 others.
TerrorismTracker: Deadliest attack in March was suicide bombing in  Damascus  Syria. TahrirAl-Sham (prev. Al Nusra…  
TerrorismTracker: at least 37 terrorist attacks in the West so far in 2017.  UK most affected with 12 attacks, mos…   
TerrorismTracker: There have been at least 100 terrorist attacks in  Somalia so far in 2017, a 67% increase from t…   
Terrorist Attacks by Business Sector | January – February 2017  
TerrorismTracker: 811 terrorist attacks globally so far in 2017. Civilians and public gatherings most targeted wit…  
TerrorismTracker: 91 terrorist attacks in  India so far in 2017. Most attacked states  Chhattisgarh 24%,…   
TerrorismTracker: Three suicide attacks in  Somalia yesterday.  AlShabaab claimed 2x  carbomb  VBIED in  Mogadishu…  
TerrorismTracker: There were almost 50 suicide attacks globally in Jan &amp; Feb.  Iraq  Nigeria  Afghanistan…  
TerrorismTracker: Deadliest  terrorist attack this year killed 88+ at  Sufi shrine in  Pakistan.  IslamicState cla…  
TerrorismTracker:  MiddleEast (225 attacks) and  SouthAsia (188 attacks) have been the regions most targeted by te…  
TerrorismTracker: There have been 4 attacks so far in 2017. All of the attacks have occured in the  Sahel region bordering  Mali.
TerrorismTracker:  BurkinaFaso is experiencing a rise in terrorist attacks: 14 incidents since 2015, compared to z…   
TerrorismTracker: January and February saw the highest number of terrorist attacks in  Bahrain (8) in a two-month…  
TerrorismTracker: There were 96 terrorist attacks in Western countries in 2016, 174% increase from 2015.  Germany…   
TerrorismTracker: Since  TTP and  JA sta ed  OperationGhazi mid February there have been at least 17 terrorist attacks in  Pakistan.
TerrorismTracker: Terrorists in  Pakistan have wounded and killed 691 people so far in 2017, 130% more than during…   
Yemen |  AQAP and the threat to the West
TerrorismTracker: the attack killed 77 people and wounded at least 115 others.
TerrorismTracker: The deadliest attack in January 2017 was suicide car bomb attack on an army base in  Mali.  AQIM…  
TerrorismTracker: There have been at least 159 terrorist attacks targeting Western  businesses since 2010.  
TerrorismTracker: There were 152  terrorist attacks in  Thailand in 2016. 90% were in  Narathiwat,  Pattani or…   
TerrorismTracker: In 2016, over 20% of attacks in  Colombia targeted the  oil industry. Almost all attacks were at…   
TerrorismTracker: Terrorists mounted more than 1000 attacks using firearms in 2016. Most affected countries:  Iraq…  
TerrorismTracker: Globally,  terrorism killed almost twice as many people in January 2016 (973), compared with Jan…   
TerrorismTracker: there were 16 terrorist attacks on diplomatic targets in 2016, five of those were in…   
TerrorismTracker: 54% of  IslamicState attacks globally in 2016 targeted civilians and public gatherings  
TerrorismTracker: In 2016, attacks in at least 29 countries were either claimed by or attributed to  IslamicState…   
TerrorismTracker:  Taliban mounted the deadliest attack on  media in 2016, killing 7 and wounding 24 in a suicide…   
TerrorismTracker: The number of terrorist attacks in  No hernIreland increased from at least 6 in 2015 to at leas…  
TerrorismTracker: There were almost 300 suicide attacks globally in 2016.  Iraq,  Nigeria and  Afghanistan were th…   
TerrorismTracker: More than one third of all attacks in  Nigeria in 2016 targeted the  oil and  gas industry.  
TerrorismTracker: Average of 24 terrorist attacks/month in  Somalia in 2016, compared with less than 10/month in e…   
TerrorismTracker: There was an average of 4.1  terrorist attacks a day in  Baghdad,  Iraq, in 2016   
TerrorismTracker: There were more terrorist attacks on  MINUSMA  peacekeeping forces in  Mali than any other  UN m…   Sn
TerrorismTracker: 61% of all terrorist attacks in  Palestine and  Israel in 2016 were stabbings.  
TerrorismTracker: Kidnappings by terrorists in  Malaysia and  Philippines increased 67% in 2016. Most were carried…  
TerrorismTracker: 18% of all attacks in  Somalia in 2016 targeted peacekeepers.  
TerrorismTracker: In  Colombia,  ELN attacks increased after referendum on peace deal with  FARC in October 2016.…   
TerrorismTracker: Attacks with a high number of casualties (50+) in  Afghanistan since 2015 have doubled, compared…   
TerrorismTracker: The 4 attacks outside of  Borno state in 2016 all occurred before May.  Nigeria
TerrorismTracker: In  Nigeria,  BokoHaram carried out 22 attacks outside of  Borno state in 2015, but only 4 in 20…   
TerrorismTracker: 42% of all terrorist attacks in  Europe targeted civilians in 2016  
TerrorismTracker: With decline in attacks in Niger Delta, oil production  is recovering after drop of ~36% in 1st…   
TerrorismTracker: Terrorists in  Egypt carried out 34 attacks outside of  Sinai in 2016, compared to more than 100…   
TerrorismTracker: Terrorists carried out 13 attacks in  Germany in 2016, compared to just two in 2015.   
TerrorismTracker:  IslamicState claimed responsibility for six of the ten deadliest attacks in 2016.  
TerrorismTracker data shows that  Australian police have repo edly foiled twice as many  terrorist plots in 2016…  
Australia | Police foil Christmas Day plot to attack  Melbourne sites
Somalia |  AlShabaab increases tempo of operations
TerrorismTracker:  IslamicState carried out deadliest attack in  Turkey this year, killing 51 people at a  Kurdish wedding in  Gaziantep 
TerrorismTracker: Besiktas stadium attack killed 38 people - deadliest by a  Kurdish group in  Turkey this year.…  
TerrorismTracker:  Hasm movement claim  Giza bomb that killed 6 policemen, its deadliest attack since it began ope…   
TerrorismTracker: Jamaatul Ahrar carried out the deadliest attack in  Pakistan in 2016, killing 70 people at a par…   
Are you a security professional? Access our  TerrorismTracker database free for the duration of UK's  CTAW2016:…  
Are you a security professional? Access our  TerrorismTracker database free for the duration of UK's  CTAW2016:  
SouthAfrica | Repo s of  terrorist sleeper cells in the country
For Counter-Terrorism Awareness Week, we are granting free access to our  TerrorismTracker database:…   
TerrorismTracker:  IslamicState claimed the deadliest attack in  Europe in 2016, killing 84 people in  Nice…   
TerrorismTracker:  IslamicState is the deadliest terrorist group in 2016 (11.8 casualties/attack).  BokoHaram 2nd…  
TerrorismTracker data shows that there have been 144  terrorist attacks in  Iraq in the last month. An average of…  
pt According to  TerrorismTracker, the deadliest attack in  Iraq this year killed 324 people near a shopping area in  Baghdad on 3 July. 
TerrorismTracker shows the attack near  Hillah today that killed over 80 people is 2nd deadliest in  Iraq this yea…  
BokoHaram carried out the deadliest attack in  Africa in 2016, killing 86 people in  Dalori  Nigeria on 30 January.   
TerrorismTracker data shows that there have been 89 attacks on  Oil &amp;  Gas infrastructure this year. 61% of the attacks occured in  Nigeria
Iraq | Implications of the  Mosul offensive on  IslamicState structure
Most attacked business sectors since 2010:
TerrorismTracker data shows that more than half of all terrorist attacks in  Bangladesh this year targeted civilians.
TerrorismTracker data shows that 69% of attacks in  Turkey this year have targeted police &amp; military.
UK raised  Qatar terrorism threat level yesterday.  TerrorismTracker has not recorded a Terrorist incident in Qatar in 10 years.
TerrorismTracker data shows that  AlShabaab has carried out 258 attacks in the last 12 months, a 221% increase on same period in 2014-2015. 
TerrorismTracker data shows that the  oil &amp;  gas sectors have been the most targeted business sectors by terrorists in 2016.
Indonesia |  IslamicState claims police attack west of  Jaka a
FARC peace deal and  Colombia’s long-term  terrorism threat
UK |  Terrorism impacts profits of civil  aviation firms
Thailand increased security in  Bangkok following a car bomb threat.  TerrorismTracker shows last attack in the capital was in August 2015.
TerrorismTracker data shows Islamic State -Sinai Province carried out 76 attacks so far this year. 81% rise on same period last year  Egypt
Nigeria |  BokoHaram split after leadership change
Turkey |  US warns of threats to  hotels in  Adana
TerrorismTracker recorded 21 terrorist plots against Western European countries in 2016. An increase of 11 from the same period in 2015.
TerrorismTracker data shows there have been 126 terrorist attacks in  Thailand so far this year, a 42% increase on the same period in 2015. 
Kenya |  IS claims responsibility for  Mombasa police station attack
Kenya |  IS claims responsibility for  Mombasa police station attack  
UK | Police disrupt  London bomb plot    
The latest issue of our  TerrorismTracker  Newsletter is out now. Read it online at    
The latest issue of our  TerrorismTracker  Newsletter is out now. Read it online at    
Western Countries | Understanding pro- IS  cyber capabilities    
Kyrgyzstan /  China | The authorities blame  Bishkek attack on Uighur militants    
Western Countries |  IS announces the death of senior commander and spokesman
TerrorismTracker data showing the number of  terrorist attacks on  tourism globally since 2010.  
Worldwide |  IslamicState releases  Dabiq 15
Bangladesh | Police raid alleged  IS-affiliated cell in  Dhaka    
Our group profile on  Hezbollah is now available:    
US | Pro- IS ‘kill lists’ name more than 20,000 public sector employees 
Netherlands | Officials warn of substantial  terrorism threat
Iraq |  BaghdadAttack among the deadliest bombings ever    
Iraq |  BaghdadAttack among the deadliest bombings ever    
The latest issue of our  TerrorismTracker  Newsletter is out now. Read it online at    
Bangladesh |  DhakaAttack targets foreigners at bakery    
Algeria | Alleged  IS plot to target shopping mall  
Thailand | Attacks in  DeepSouth increase in frequency in 2016  
Lebanon | Series of deadly suicide  attacks hits no h
Bangladesh |  IS claims fu her attacks on religious minorities
'I look with great concern at the upcoming European football championships.' -   director Rob Wainwright.  
Morocco |  IS branch threatens attacks
Worldwide |  IS release Dar Al-Islam issue nine
The findings of the 2016 Terrorism &amp; Political Violence Risk Map
Belgium | Officials warn of more  IS militants in  Europe
Philippines |  IslamicState claims to have killed 100 troops
TerrorismTracker data:   2015 was Europe's most dangerous year in a decade for terrorism 
Turkey |  US warns of threats to  tourist area
Our   data shows that 34% of attacks in Europe in 2015 targeted public spaces. 52% involved firearms and 3…
Greece |  Anarchists call for attacks against  EU border control agency
UK FCO amends terrorism threat advisories. Read more from  's newsletter:    
Pakistan | Jamaat-ul-Ahrar claims responsibility for  Lahore bombing
Iraq/ Syria |  IS chemical weapons capability
Chile |  Anarchists claim bank attack in  Santiago
MENA |  UK FCO amends  terrorism threat warnings
Lebanon | Increase in repo ed  terrorism plots
Worldwide |  Pro- IS  hackers target  Twitter and  Facebook
Nigeria | Militant group threatens attacks against the oil industry
Libya |  US airstrike targets  IS leader in  Sabratha
Top 5 Business Sectors Targeted by Terrorist Attacks in 2015  
TerrorismTracker's top 5 most active terrorist groups in 2016:
Worldwide | Pro-IS hackers claim hacking of businesses and governments
Russia |  IS claims car bombing in  Dagestan
Read our 2016 Strategic Outlook for analysis of  security risks in the Middle East and more:   http…
Worldwide |  IslamicState releases latest issue of  Dabiq
Our first TerrorismTracker newsletter of 2016 is here:    
Egypt | Two attacks in as many days at  tourist  hotels
UK |  IslamicState kills alleged British spies and threatens UK
Our friends at the CTC - West Point just released a detailed hostage repo  using TerrorismTracker data. Have a look  
Congratulations to the team at   on the launch of the Hostage Project, excellent work   
Mali |  US warns of threat of  attacks to Westerners
Thank you for retweeting our infograpahic. Can you please link us as the source? It's  
Foreign fighters per million from Western Europe
Colombia |  ELN claims responsibility for attack in  Boyacá
Israel / Occupied  Palestinian Territories | Significant increase in frequency of  attacks
Turkey |  Ankara bombing ordered by  IslamicState
UnitedStates | Pro- IslamicState  hacking group calls for attacks
Our data shows that there have been 45 terrorist attacks in  Israel &amp;  Palestine in October, compared with 25 between January and September. 
Bangladesh |  IslamicState claims another  Dhaka attack
US Gov: 'More than 250 Americans are estimated to have travelled, or attempted to travel, to  Syria to fight' 
US |  FBI Director discusses  IS threat to domestic security
Self-proclaimed  EcoTerrorists have conducted two bomb attacks and one arson attack in  MexicoCity in the past month.
Syria | Coalition airstrike kills  KhorasanGroup leader
Afghanistan |  Taliban website calls for attacks on international media outlets
Israel |  Jihadi groups world-wide call for attacks on Jews
Iraq | Security forces in a position to advance on  IS stronghold
Read our SIAS brief on the civil aviation risks posed by Russian missiles over  Syria    
Our data shows that there have been at least 133 terrorist attacks in  India this year, a big increase on the 95 in same period last year. 
BurkinaFaso |  France advises against travel near  Mali border
We assess the risk to civil aviation from Russian missiles. Read our sample SIAS brief: Syria  I…
According to our data, there have been three attacks in the  Caucuses in  Russia in past three months, two of them targeting moderate imams. 
Russia |  IS calls on followers to 'wage jihad'
Triple suicide attack in  BagaSola last week is at least the eighth  BokoHaram attack in  LacTchad area of  Chad in past year.
Philippines |  AbuSayyaf Group release video showing  hostages
Turkey |  IS likely behind mass-casualty attack in  Ankara
Philippines | Fou h foreigner abducted in Mindanao in three weeks
Israel | Eleven knife attacks repo ed in past three days.
Our data indicates that an anarchist attack in  SãoPaulo in September was the first recorded terrorist attack in  Brazil in over five years.
Somalia | Al-Shabaab threaten incoming British troops
SydneySeige &amp;  ParramattaShooting were both carried out by lone-attackers, inspired by extremist groups but with no tangible links to them. 
Worldwide | AQAP calls for attacks on those suppo ing Israel
Our data shows that there have been 93 terrorist attacks in southern  Thailand in 2015. A big decrease on the 117 in the same period in 2014
Our data shows that only 14 of the 127 attacks in  Nigeria in 2015 have occurred outside  BokoHaram's stronghold in the country's no heast.
Saudi Arabia | US embassy warns of terror threat in Eastern Province
TerrorismTracker data shows that since 2010, there have been 140 terrorist incidents in the UK. The vast majority occuring in N. Ireland. 
China | Parcel bombs target Liuzhou in southwestern China
Cha : Terrorist attacks in  Pakistan since January 2013. Read our SIAS briefing here:    
TerrorismTracker Monthly Newsletter | October 2015
Bangladesh | Islamic State kill Italian national
Our qua erly newsletter is coming out soon. Sign up here to receive your free copy:  
No h Africa | AQIM calls for attacks against businesses
TerrorismTracker data indicates that there have been 49 terrorist attacks in Europe in 2015, 32 of the 49 attacks have occurred in Ukraine 
Afghanistan | US Embassy warns of suicide attacks in Kabul
Pakistan | Revenge attacks on military remain Pakistani Taliban priority
Nigeria | Boko Haram leader denies military success claims  
MAP: Threat levels and terrorist attacks in  Turkey in 2015. Read our SIAS brief here:    
The September edition of the   newsletter is out now. Analysis of the  BangkokBombing and more  
Our latest   newsletter is out! Analysis on the new  Taliban leader, attacks in  Turkey and more:   
Risk Advisory TT data 'puts 2015 on course for about 500 attacks on business interests, above the 443 last year'   
Terrorist threats to tourism 'businesses must recognise that relying on travel advice alone is not good enough'  
We recorded 30 attacks a year on the tourism sector. Our   piece looks at how to better manage threats htt…
Oilandgas the most attacked sector in July, according to  Terrorism tracker data 
Our monthly  terrorism tracker newsletter is out now. Analysis on  SaudiArabia,  TunisiaAttack and more   
Attacks by sector in June. More data, analysis on terrorist incidents from TerrorismTracker 
Our free monthly  TerrorismTracker newsletter is out. We look at  IslamicState and  alQaeda rivalry, Tunisia and more   
.  &amp;    launch the Aon Terrorism and Political Violence Map    BABMember
Our map of  MiddleEast forecasts. Contact us to receive a copy of our 2015 Strategic Outlook:   http…
The 2015 Aon Terrorism &amp; PV Map is out! Based on TT data analysis by    
collaborates with Aon on 2015 Terrorism &amp; Political Violence Map  
TerrorismTracker data: Mapped: The countries facing the greatest threat from Islamic extremists  
Latest cha  on attacks by sector. Get more data from TerrorismTracker    
2015 Counter-terrorism operations in  Tunisia. Read   full newsletter here:    
We are scouting for real analytical talent to join our TerrorismTracker team in London. Find out more and apply here  
The April TerrorismTracker newsletter is out. Missed out? Sign up to get the next one    
Our March newsletter is here! We look at the threat to businesses in  Egypt,  AlShabaab's threat to malls and more -   
More fighters from  Indonesia,  China,  Philippines &amp;  Malaysia are going to  IslamicState 
Attacks in  Egypt have increased by 300% since the ousting of  Morsi. With this rise, we look at threat to foreigners   
Retail &amp; transpo  remain the most targeted sectors by terrorist groups in Feb   Read more -  
'ISIS Grows ‘International Footprint’ as Affiliate Jihadist Groups Spring Up'   -   quot…
Our free monthly newsletter is here. We look at Boko Haram &amp; elections in  Nigeria,  IS in  Afghanistan and more   
In 2014, 47% of attacks targeting railway infrastructure and metros took place in  Egypt   
A breakdown of  terrorist attacks by business sector in January -    
This week, we look at  IslamicState's beheading of a  Japanese hostage,   BokoHaram attacks in  Nigeria and more -   
US officials acknowledge  IslamicState presence in  Afghanistan, but unlikely to displace  AlQaeda or  Taliban -    
Lebanese press repo ed on threat to casino and hotel in  Beirut,  Lebanon -   
This week, we look at peace talks in  Colombia, counter-terrorism raids in  Belgium, kidnappings in  Libya and more -   
Our free monthly newsletter is available now. We look at the threat in Europe, rising attacks in  Nigeria, and more -   
Counter-terrorism raids in  Belgium foiled an 'imminent' and 'major' attack. Read our analysis of the incident here -  
Signs of progress in peace talks between  FARC, the government of  Colombia and even  ELN?    
Our analysis of the  US warning of threat to hotels &amp; banks in  Surabaya  Indonesia -  
First  terrorism round up of 2015: Update on the trial of the  BostonBomber, border attack in  SaudiArabia and more   
An assessment of the Sydney hostage crisis from Risk Advisory's Intelligence &amp; Analysis practice:  
Western fighters do not appear to be deterred by air strikes targeting  IslamicState militants in  Iraq &amp;  Syria -  
In the wake of the 16-hour standoff in  Sydney, read our assessment of the attack and its implications:   
Last week, the   &amp;   warned of the threat to  US military personnel from lone wolves. Read our assessment:   
Is there a increased threat from  IslamicState after pledges from more established groups in  Egypt &amp;  Libya?  
Our Intelligence &amp; Analysis Dept is recruiting for a  MENA researcher (six month contract). A great oppo unity:  
Our monthly newsletter is here:   New pledges to  IslamicState,  AlShabaab calls for attacks in  Kenya, and much more. 
AlShabaab's latest English language publication calls for attacks on Western interests in  Kenya &amp;  CAR -  
Transpo ation was the most targeted business sector by terrorists in November:    
The estimated revenue  terrorist groups receive from  kidnapping:    
The   issued a security message on Sunday following a shooting on 22 November -  
Our weekly round up:  FARC will release a Colombian general, plots disrupted in the  UK &amp; a suicide attack in  Erbil 
Our analysis of the attack on the  Jerusalem synagogue this morning -  
Our free monthly round up of terrorist activity, counte errorism ops &amp; threat level assessments available here:   
To receive our free Terrorism Tracker newsletter in your inbox each month, sign up here -   
Check out our new &amp; improved free Terrorism Tracker newsletter -  
FARC acknowledges for the first time that its 'actions have affected civilians'. What is the impact on negotiations?  
Our assessment of  IslamicState's Dabiq &amp; the threat to the interests of the  US coalition in  Iraq,  Syria &amp; beyond:   
In October, markets, cafes &amp; other retail spaces were the most targeted business sector: 
Read our interim repo  on the shootings at the parliament of  Canada in  Ottawa -  
Colombia attacks impact  oil production, the ceasefire in  Gaza &amp;  IslamicState advances in  Kobane in the round up-   
Police in the  UK increase internal threat level following a series of  counte errorism raids across  London -  
The  IslamicState makes its most direct call for attacks in  US &amp;  UK &amp; other states pa icipating in the airstrikes
Hezbollah claims Shebaa farms bombing near border with  Israel -  
The  TTP in  Pakistan reaffirmed its loyalty to  Zawahiri after repo s suggested it pledged allegiance to  Baghdadi-  
First suicide attack in  Russia since Dec 2013 comes amid a decline in attacks overall in the  No hCaucasus -  
Our break down of global  terrorist attacks by  business sector in September. Read more at    
A bombing in  Chile, threats by OBN in  Tunisia,  Taliban car bombs in  Afghanistan and more in the week's round up 
Would you like to keep up to date with news from Risk Advisory? Subscribe to our newsletters at    …
US designates more terrorists groups;  FARC deny working with  Colombia's largest criminal gang &amp; much more:  
Which groups have pledged allegiance to  IslamicState leader  Baghdadi?  
Who are the  KhorasanGroup? And why did the US target them in air strikes in  Syria?  
Is the  KhorasanGroup linked to the increased threat level in the  UK?  
Interested in why US air strikes targeted more groups than  IslamicState? Read our analysis of the  KhorasanGroup -  
A look at  Australia's new  counte errorism proposals following the threat level increase &amp; foiled beheading plot:  
AlShabaab deny involvement in foiled  Uganda plot -  
Multiple bombs explode in  China's restive  Xinjiang province on Sunday -  
Rethinking the security situation in  Iraqi_Kurdistan:  
Israel's counter-terrorism bureau issues warning ahead of upcoming Jewish holidays -  
Police in  Uganda claim to have foiled an  AlShabaab plot on Saturday -  
FARC negotiations, the launch of a new  AlQaeda faction, a bomb plot the  Philippines &amp; more in this week's roundup:   
Interested in the aims, ideology and capabilities of the  IslamicState? Read our profile of the group here:   
US drone strike targets a 'senior  AlShabaab operative' following an attack by the group in Mogadishu on Sunday -  
Following a national threat level increase on Friday, the UK government proposes new anti-terrorism measures:   
The authorities in  Malaysia released details of a bomb plot by militants inspired by the  IslamicState -  
Read our round up of global terrorism developments over the past week. Includes stories on  Iraq,  Egypt &amp;  Chile: 
Suppo ers of  IslamicState respond to US air strikes in no hern  Iraq with the  messagefromisistous campaign -  
The July edition of our free Terrorism Tracker newsletter is available for download here:  
Read our round up of the latest terrorism developments and counte errorism operations in the past week -  
What factors enabled the  IslamicState to make such dramatic territorial gains in no hern  Iraq? Read more here:  
Nearly a month after the  IslamicState declared its 'Caliphate', what has the impact been for  Iraq?   
Read our round up of official terrorism threat warnings and indicators for July -  
Read our round up of significant terrorism and counte errorism developments from around the globe in July -  
Read our assessment of  Norway's increased security measures following Thursday's  terrorism threat warning -  
The government of  Norway issued its first public terrorism warning in 41 years. Read our analysis of the warning at  
Check out our monthly round up of terrorist activity from around the world  
Great infographic from   on the governance structure of the  IslamicState -  
ISIS/ ISIL leader  Baghdadi releases statement calling on Muslims to join the Islamic State.  
ISIS/ ISIL has declared a caliphate with Al-Baghdadi as its leader. Baghdadi claims that other groups are now invalid.
There have been repo ed explosions at four metro stations in central and no hern  Cairo suburbs.  
Chinese government releases footage of October attack in  Tiananmen Square -  
Kerry in Baghdad to discuss Iraq crisis  
Lebanon's Security chief escapes Al-Qaida suicide bomb, presumably targeted for help to Hezbollah   
Read   : The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria Has a Consumer Protection Office
US Secretary of State,   announces talks between  USA and  Iran over  ISIL/ ISIS gains in  Iraq:   
Interesting analysis of  ISIS/ ISIL funding in the run up to the takeover of  Mosul by   inchulov on    
data shows most suspected terrorists arrested in the EU in 2013 were of those inspired by religion.  
US President   weighs in on the ISIL/ISIS's offensive in Mosul and beyond:  
AQIM claims that one of its brigades is behind attack on the MOI in Kasserine - possibly the group's first claim of a  Tunisia attack?
Even  alshabaab is getting into the  WorldCup spirit:  
Indonesian coverage of takeover of Mosul on all radical sites, e.g.   
ISIL ( ISIS) militants attempt takeover of western  Mosul and airpo  in  Iraq -  
Read Terrorism Tracker's round up of threat warnings from governments around the world here:  
Check out our monthly review of terrorist attacks and counter-terrorism activity:  
Fighting erupts near  KarachiAirpo  again -  
Read our analysis of the  TTP  Karachi airpo  attack on the new Terrorism Tracker website:   …
The number of people arrested under terrorism powers in the  UK fell in 2013 -   
Two men arrested in Dover,  UK, on suspicion of terrorism offences -   
Interesting assessment by   on the  US- Taliban prisoner swap:  
Another  UK national killed fighting in  Syria:  
releases their terrorism situation and trend repo  -  
Good news for  India's new PM  Modi? Attacks involving  Maoist rebels have declined in the past 2 years.  
AlShabaab claimed responsibility for yesterday's suicide attack in  Djibouti -
The May edition of our (free) Terrorism Tracker newsletter is now available online:  
Security levels on the rise in  Beijing following attack in  Xinjiang yesterday:  
First  UK national convicted of  Syria-related terror offence:   via    
Fascinating repo  by   on the connections between crime and terrorism -  
Really fascinating relationship/network/fractures cha  of  AlQaeda and affiliated groups by    
Interesting repo  by   about  Afghanistan &amp; the 'contest between insurgents and the ANSF' -  
The  Taliban's spring offensive has begun with attacks on the international airpo  in  Kabul this morning-    
BokoHaram's leader  Shekau issues latest video about the kidnapping of  NigerianSchoolgirls -  
has an interesting piece explaining  BokoHaram's origins and 'evolving threat' -  
The  's Home Affairs Committee publishes a repo  on counte errorism -  
Good piece from the  's   by   on the multiple identities of jihadi organisations:  
A  Chinese national was abducted in Eastern Sabah,  Malaysia - the third kidnapping of a foreigner in six months:   
Saudi Dismantles 'Terror’ Group  
Third knife attack at a busy transpo  hub in  China in 10 weeks -  
In Iraq and Syria, a resurgence of foreign suicide bombers   via   
About 17% of all attacks in emerging markets over the past 12 months have targeted business:    
US   releases its 2013 Country Repo s on Terrorism. Read more here:  
Live at 12 PM ET: Country Repo s on Terrorism are released. Watch:   | Follow:    
Risk Advisory is recruiting interns. We are interested in people with proficiency in Urdu &amp; Hindi. Apply at  
Risk Advisory is recruiting for a Latin America intelligence analyst in London. A great oppo unity.  
Risk Advisory is recruiting interns. We are interested in people with proficiency in Spanish and Turkish. Apply at  
Risk Advisory is recruiting for a Middle East &amp; No h Africa intelligence analyst in London. A great oppo unity.  
The US   stepping up counte errorism effo s online with  ?
The first 2014 edition of Risk Advisory's Terrorism Tracker newsletter is now available on our TT website at  
Is AQAP to Blame for the String of Assassinations in Yemen? Risk Advisory's Hannah Poppy in latest CTC Sentinel  
Terrorism Tracker newsletter is now out, with features on Shia militancy, Tunisia and Pakistan   
Iraqi Kurdistan: Evolving Perceptions of Risk    KRG  PolitcalRisk
Risk Advisory is recruiting for a LatAm analyst in London. A great oppo unity. Apply  
Indonesia’s anti-corruption agency: a model for other Asia-Pacific countries?  
The Risk Advisory Group launches Security Intelligence &amp; Analysis Service website.  
Risk Advisory are recruiting for a Sub-Saharan Africa security and political risk analyst. Join an outstanding team.  
Glimmers of hope? Prospects for economic reform in India  
AQAP confirms via Twitter that Saeed Shihri is dead. Denies it plans to form a political pa y in  yemen  
Risk Advisiory are hiring: Associate Director and Senior Associate positions in  Business Intelligence  
Sahara Medias publishes Belmokhtar video claiming attack on Amenas gas facility attack in Algeria  
Foreign journalists captured in no hern  Syria - they were released yesterday    
Idlib Province  syria FSA brigade allegedly destroy Shia Husseiniya  
Yemen security chief says AQAP has 700-800 fighters    
Egypt: Hundreds of protesters head to Tahrir Square and presidential palace in Heliopolis  
Egypt: Presidential Guard to clear protesters at presidential palace in Heliopolis  
Egypt: Violent protests outside presidential palace in Heliopolis continue for second night  
Egypt: Large-scale protests outside presidential palace in Heliopolis, Cairo   
Egypt: UK FCO warns of protests tomorrow in Cairo and other cities  
Snowfall causes traffic disruptions in Moscow  Russia  weather  traffic  
Russia: Possible flight disruption Far East  volcano  Kamchatka  Russia  
Egypt: Public access to US Embassy blocked by protests in Garden City  
The 50th edition of Risk Advisory's Terrorism Tracker newsletter is now available:    terrorism  security  threat  risk
Levels of violence in Afghan insurgency: Latest ISAF figures (Risk Advisory SIAS)  
Fighting between YPG and opposition groups continues in Ras Al-Ain  Syria  Turkey  
A gas tanker exploded in Tver on the night of 21 November, no casualties repo ed. Video: 
Foreign policy piece discusses state interference in the Egyptian constitution  
Lebanon Independence Day today; disruption likely in central Beirut  
lebanon sidon clashes on Saturday    
Bahrain MoI repo s bomb last night    
Iraq increases security in Najaf for Shia festival Eid al-Ghadeer  
Police intervene in weds night Barak suppo ers demo  Kuwait    
Carnegie has an interesting piece on the   Syria economy    
Mass-casualty attack on mosque in No hern  Afghanistan  
Road block on Shaykh Jaber Hwy 11 October  Bahrain    
Protest march in Al-Eker, 18 October  Bahrain 
Taraf a icle says NATO info on radar kit led to  Turkey orchestrating  Syria plane search  
Just uploaded a new photo on Risk Advisory | SIAS Exchange Aftermath of triple bomb attack,  Aleppo  Syria   
Communiqués | AQAP urges 'expulsion of US embassies from Muslim countries'  
Turkey: Roadside bomb kills eight policemen in Bingol  
Kenya: Police thwa  imminent attack in Nairobi  
United States: Man arrested in car bombing sting in Chicago  
India protests and strikes again fuel price rises    
Kenyan police arrest two alleged bombers in Nairobi  kenya    
The US Embassy in Sanaa  yemen yesterday released an emergency message:    
Pope's visit to  Lebanon- Road closures    
Local news site Mareb Press is repo ing that anti-US protesters have attacked the US Embassy in Sanaa  yemen  
US Embassy in  Kuwait warns of protest now in Bayan    
Video of blast at cabinet office, Sanaa  Yemen   
West Bank: Protests over rising prices turn violent  
China: Two patrol ships sent to disputed Diaoyu islands  
Yemen: AQAP's deputy commander repo edly killed  
Nigeria: Boko Haram threaten Voice of America journalists  
US Embassy in  Bahrain warns of protests in next 72 hours  
Holland: 'Hijacked' plane lands in Amsterdam  
The FSA claims to have captured a missile storage base near Damascus  Syria  
International media repo  violent riots in Mombasa  kenya are ongoing  
SaudiArabia arrests six Yemenis and two Saudis in suspected bomb plot  
AfPak: Badruddin  Haqqani and Mullah  Dadullah both repo ed killed in airstrikes  
Low turnout in  Tahrir Square  Egypt so far  
Nigeria: Police discover bomb factories in Kogi  
New FP a icle cites Arabic mistranslation of draft constitution as source of public protest in Tunis last week  
Russia: Ongoing protest outside Moscow cou  (Risk Advisory SIAS)  
Thailand: Security in southern provinces kept at highest level for end of Ramadan  
Eurasia Intelligence Analyst vacancy  
Mujahidin Shura Council deny involvement in cross-   border account on Israel 
Thailand: Coordinated bombing at hotel and power transformer in Pattani  
Scenarios for Turkish intervention in Syria
'Norway: Security ale  near US Embassy in  Oslo  
Bruce Riedel: Al-Qaeda’s Arab Comeback  
Nigeria: Suicide bombers attack police stations in Sokoto  
United States: State Depa ment issues new  Worldwide  Caution  
Kenya: Police warn of  Al-Shabaab Ramadan threat  
United States:  Shooting at Batman film premiere in ; Denver  
Israel: Plot to kidnap soldiers thwa ed  
Yemen: Suicide bomber attacks police academy in  Sanaa  
UK: CT police arrest seven men after weapons found in vehicle  
Nigeria: US Embassy warns of Independence Day threat  
Kenya: Church attacks kills 17 people  
Athens: Microsoft's Greek headqua ers attacked  
Africa: AQIM, Al-Shabaab and Boko Haram 'seeking to coordinate and synchronize their effo s'   
Syria shoots down Turkish military jet  
Syrian fighter pilot defects to Jordan  
AQAP's new Inspire magazine a flop according to download stats  TheAtlantic  
Saudi Arabia: Crown Prince Nayef dies  
US admits to 'direct action' in  Yemen and  Somalia  
Kenya asks US and Europe to help it take Al-Shabaab controlled Kismayo  
Career Oppo unity: Intelligence Analyst, Political And Security Risk, South Asia Region:   
Nairobi: Large explosion in Nairobi  
Syrian defectors accuse Assad family of ordering killings  
Germany: Intelligence official warns of solo operative attacks  
Chicago: Five activists arrested on terrorism charges ahead of NATO summit  
Nigeria: Armed man arrested in Abuja  
Lebanon: Armed clashes and road closures in  Beirut after shooting of Sunni cleric  
Head of Italian nuclear company shot in Genoa, Italy   
Bahrain: Four police injured in IED attack  
IED explosion in Aleppo car wash 'targets pro-Assad militia'  
Just added a new discussion on Risk Advisory | Intelligence Exchange  
CTC release Bin Laden documents from Abbottabad raid  
United States: Five men arrested in Ohio bridge plot  
Denmark: Three men arrested as possible terrorist plot foiled  
Lebanon: Kidnappers of Estonians get death sentences; charged with terrorism offences  
US embassy warns of 'security concerns' in  Islamabad and restricts employee travel  
launches 2012 Terrorism & Political Violence map in conjunction with Risk Advisory    
Nigeria: Explosion repo ed in  Abuja - follows warning by US Embassy  
Kenya: credible information of attack on Nairobi hotels and Kenyan government  
Israelis warned to leave  Sinai over  terrorism threat  
Israel:  IDF prepared for  Iran strike says army chief  
Egypt repo edly ends gas deal with Israel  
Bahrain: Security high around Manama ahead of Grand Prix  
CIA aims to expand drone campaign in Yemen  
Algeria: Italian captive freed  
Egypt: Presidential candidate ban means moderates odds on  
Mali:  Swiss woman abducted in  Timbuktu  
Syria breaks UN-brokered ceasefire by shelling Homs  
ICG repo : Syria's Phase of Radicalisation  
Communiqués | ISI releases latest 'No hern Provinces' Ops repo   
Communiqués |  Al-Qaeda warns  Britain over Abu  Qatada  
Communiqués | AS release latest Al-Madad newsletter  
Sanaa airpo  shut after threat from Saleh loyalist general  
Kenya: Police warn of Easter Al-Shabaab threat  
Lebanon: Security services confirm assassination attempt on March-14 politician Samir Geagea  
Reuters: in  Sinai, militant Islam flourishes   
Risk Advisory unites all professional services under one brand.    RiskAdvisoryIA  Janusian
Israel Deputy FM:  all-out war with iran  'less likely'  
FCO issues advice for Britons to leave Mali  
Pakistan:  plot to attack parliament during presidential address foiled  
Pakistan 'addicted' to using terrorist groups against India  
Taliban threaten to target Pakistan MPs over NATO supply lines  
Libya: Zintan militia storms Rixos hotel in Tripoli  
France: Gunman repo edly broken out of Kandahar jail by the Taliban  
British woman kidnapped in Kenya freed  
Syria: Suicide car bombing in  Daraa repo ed by SANA  
Yemen: Gunmen kill  American teacher in  Taiz province  
Syria: Bomb explodes in Aleppo  
'Syrian intelligence agents aided kidnappers' of Estonians in Lebanon  
Ethiopian troops attack positions inside  Eritrea  
Press repo  warns of expanding AQIM presence in Nigeria  
Bomb manuals in bags close Kuwait airpo   
Nigeria: European hostages killed in failed rescue attempt  
Potential frontrunner in Egypt's presidential election emerges  
Global Security Risks And West Africa:   via  
'Putin wins election', security tight in Moscow   
Somalia: Failed suicide attack in  Mogadishu  
Algeria:  MOJWA claim suicide attack; demands 30 million euros to free European hostages  
Israel opens up about ABM system  
Syrian army take Baba Amr  
Egytpian presidential election date set  
No h Korea says will stop nuclear enrichment  
Syrians in UAE lose residency over protests  
Syria opposition asks to be able to impo  arms  
UK considers air strikes in Somalia  
Somalia: Al-Shabaab threatens to increase attacks in Mogadishu  
Israel: IDF forces find explosive belt near Egypt border  
Reuters: Algeria seizes missiles smuggled from Libya  
Chinese telecoms spying on foreign companies?  
Janusian are recruiting for a MENA analyst.  
Tunisia acquits Libyan ex-PM  
Al-Shabaab says the London conference on Somalia will fail  
US Navy says Iran has suicide boat bombs in Gulf  
Somalia wants arms embargo lifted to fend off al Qaeda. Janusian in the news  
Syria: Suicide bombings linked to Al-Qaeda in Iraq, McClatchy repo s   
Bahrain: Protests in Manama ahead of anniversary  
Turkey: Warplanes bomb PKK targets in no hern Iraq  
Egypt: UN consultant killed in Cairo  
Clashes in Tripoli (Lebanon) between pro and anti-Assad factions  
Libya recognises Syrian opposition as legitimate authority  
Anonymous US officials claim Israel finances assassinations in Iran  
Syria: US closes embassy in Damascus  
MEND attack pipeline in Niger Delta  
Syrians mark 30 year anniversary of Hama massacre  
Nigeria oil workers call off strike  
Lebanon: STL to try Hariri suspects in absentia  
Nigeria: Boko Haram 'spokesman' arrested  
Nigeria: Communiqué from possible Boko Haram splinter faction  
Leaked Nato repo  says ISI suppo ing the Taliban  
United Kingdom: Four men admit  London Stock Exchange bomb plot  
Syria: explosion at oil pipeline near Homs  
US official warns that Iran is more willing to attack the United States and American interests overseas  
Gunmen rob HSBC branch in Cairo  
France and Britain to call for UN resolution against Syria  
Iraq: coalition pa ner ends parliamentary boytcott  
Small protest outside UN office in Erbil  
Mali links Tuareg rebels to AQIM  
Syria: Arab League suspends mission as fighting moves to three Damascus suburbs  
Syrian Kurds meet in Erbil today  
Analysis:  Egypt One Year On  
Egypt's stock market high after uprising anniversary  
Updates on Egypt Uprising Anniversary - 25 Jan  
United States | Issues Worldwide Caution update on overseas travel  
Nigeria | Boko Haram trained by AQIM and Al-Shabaab  
Guide to new Egyptian parliament  
Yemen: President Saleh delivers farewell speech and leaves for US  
Yemen: cabinet re-drafts immunity bill  
South Sudan halts oil production  
Radioactive material stolen from plant in Egypt  
World Bank lowers global growth projections  
Saudis deny Israel stock exchange hacking claim  
Will Mubarak get the death penalty?  
Mubarak trial resumes  
AQIM warns West against hostage rescue attempts  
Libya appoints Investment Authority board  
Orascom tycoon faces trial over Twitter posting  Egypt  Sawiris  
'A war of words leads to nowhere on Iran'  
Egyptians that made the news in 2011  
Tunis road closure today  
Turkey's ex army head arrested on coup charges  
South Sudan declares disaster in Jonglei  
Kenya: Police warn of terrorism threat in Nairobi  
Egypt: Call to protect chruches during Coptic Christmas  
SCAF accuses protesters of trying to bring down the country  
Kenya: Police search for Al-Shabaab militants  
Turkish anger as France criminilises denial of Armenian genocide  
Hamas to join PLO in first step of unity deal  
Egypt could restrict duty-free goods  
Libya: Belhaj to sue UK  
Thai authorities thwa  bomb plot in Bangkok  
Philippines authorities confirm Australian man captive in Basilan  
Egypt poll shows Amr Moussa most popular presidential candidate  
Iraq: US hotel chains see oppo unities in Erbil  
Fatal attack in Liege, Belgium   
AQIM claim kidnappings of Europeans from Mali  
Libya to announce integration plan for armed fighters   BJnJN
Riots in Uganda over power cuts  
Nigeria concerned about influx of Libyan weapons  
Lebanese government threatened by STL funding issue  
Anti-capitalist protesters try to storm building in London  
Norway:  Anders Breivik is 'insane' say psychiatrists  
Anti-UK protest in Iran  
Iraq executes 16 convicted  terrorists  
agree elections in May 2012  
Egypt: Managing The Resurgent Unrest:  
Saif al-Islam could be tried in Libya ICC concedes  
Libya:  NTC to announce new cabinet  
Repo s that Egyptian cabinet handed in resignation yesterday  
United States: Arrested 'lone wolf' suspect used  AQAP magazine to make bombs  
Iran: UK imposes new financial sanctions to protect national security  
Yemen: Pipeline attack closes Aden oil refinery  
Uzbekistan: Possible terrorist attack on railway line near Afghan border  
Colombia: Army shuts down  FARC radio station  
Syria: Assad vows to continue 'fight against militants'  
Syria: Baath Pa y building attacked by RPGs in  Damascus  
Kenya: Israeli  counte errorism expe s to suppo  the police  
Egypt: Clashes between police and protesters in  Tahrir Square  
Middle East:  IslamicJihad warns  Israel against attacking  Iran  
Saif al-Islam Gaddafi 'captured' in Libya  
British spies helped foil attacks against Westerners in Libya during war  
Brazil: Police official expects elevated  terrorism threat during 2014 World Cup  
Tunisia chooses new interim president  
EgyptAir resumes direct flights to Tripoli  
Tanzania: Government warns of Al-Shabaab threat  
Kuwait - Thousands storm parliament  
Commentary: A Sunni Spring for  Iraq?  
Air Nigeria workers on strike, flights delayed   
Somalia: Officials claim missile strike has killed leader of  Shabaab  
United Kingdom: Police arrest four men in  counter-terrorism raids  
Egypt: Former regime members allowed to stand for election  
Iran: Explosion at Revolutionary Guard base prompts Mossad involvement speculation  
Israel: Increases defences on commercial airlines due to looted Libyan weapon fears  
Saadi Gaddafi granted asylum in Niger  
United-Kingdom: SAM may be deployed to protect Olympics 2012  
Jordan: monarch calls on President Assad to step down  
Norway: Anders Breivik is not insane according to judge  
Yemen: capital divided between competing factions  
Kazakhstan: suicide bomber kills seven in Taraz  
Bahrain: terrorist cell planning attacks in Manama  
Arab League suspends Syria  
Iran: Explosion at military base in Tehran  
US defence secretary warns against Iran strike  
Bahrain: security forces target home of opposition leader  
Czech Republic: Gunman opens fire at aircraft plant  
UK: Muslims Against Crusades banned from midnight  
Nigeria: US lowers terrorism warning at Abuja hotels  
Divisions within Syrian opposition exposed  
Nigeria: US warns of attacks against hotels in Abuja  
Israel intercepts mini-flotilla to Gaza, no repo s of violence   
Repo s that Mossad leaked Iran attack plan to thwa  it  
Bahrain: protesters attempt to gather at Pearl Roundabout  
Pro-Gaddafi prionners complain of mistreatment  
United States: Cell attempting to make ricin arrested in Georgia  
Kenya issues attack warning on Twitter  
Egypt disputes with foreign investors settled  
Libya announces new interim PM  
Lebanon accuses Syria of kidnappings  
Role of Islamic Jihad in the Gaza Strip  
Communiqué: ISI release latest operations repo   
Kenya: Military convoy attacked near Dadaab refugee camp  
Somalia: Al-Shabaab clash with Kenyan troops  
Iraq: Mass casualty attack in Baghdad  
Al-Shabaab calls for major attacks in Kenya  
Real IRA threatens financial sector  
Israel and Egypt to finalise prisoner swap deal  
Jordanian king appoints new cabinet  
Second blast in Nairobi  
New Zimbabwe law to affect foreign businesses  
US Ambassador leaves Syria amid threats  
Kenya: US Embassy warns if 'Imminent threat of terror attacks'  
US troops to leave Iraq by the end of 2011  
Saudi Crown Prince Dies  
Mali: Mauritanian forces kills senior AQIM commander  
Gaddafi death confirmed by mobile phone image?  
Video shows evidence of Iranian troops in Syria  
Somalia: Suicide attack near Foreign Ministry in Mogadishu  
Nigeria: Another Exxon Mobil supply ship attacked  
Kenya: Two British men trying to cross into Somalia arrested  
NTC claims Gaddafi son in Benghazi  
AEI repo : Hezbollah's growing influence in Latin America  
Pakistan: US ramps up operations against the Haqqani Network  
Iran: Khamenei denies US plot allegations  
Iraq: US denies decision on troop withdrawal  
Unrest in Damascus forcing Hamas relocation?  
Israel: Potential prisoner release names released  
Rome protests turn violent  
Yemen LNG pipeline attack halts natural gas expo s  
Will Egypt's military dominate the political system?  
US worried about terrorists acquiring weapons in Libya  
Honduras: Gunmen kill 6 at international airpo   
Uganda: US to send troops to fight LRA  
US Strike kills AQAP media chief in Yemen  
Yemen: Protesters in central Sanaa killed  
Salafists protest over blasphemous film again  
UN Official: Syria heading to full blown civil war  
Commentary: Regional power struggle threatens Arab Spring  
Increasing religious attacks in Israel and West Bank  
Egypt arrests groups smuggling Libyan arms  
Egypt says its planes over Sinai defy Israel peace treaty  
Suspected Salafists attack shrines in Libya  
Smuggled arms from Libya entre Egypt  
The Guardian:   Alleged Iran plot could have been trigger for war in Middle East 
Alleged Iranian plot to assassinate the Saudi ambassador to the US  is on Janusian Thinking:  
Israel secures release of Gilad Shalit  
Growing labour unrest in Kuwait  
Sri Lanka: election related violence in no hern Colombo  
Yemen: bombing at police headqua ers in Aden  
Pakistan: terrorist attack foiled in Islamabad  
Bahrain: mass protests near Manama follow death of teenage boy  
Syria: Kurdish opposition figure shot in Qamishli  
Opinion piece: Pakistan should take Syrian approach to state-sponsored terrorism  
Assad's deterrent against intervention:   We'll use Hezbullah to  attack Israel 
Syria: signs of armed uprising in Homs  
Communiqué | AQAP claims multiple attacks in Yemen  
Bali: Indonesia tightens security for anniversary of Bali attacks  
United-States: FBI / DHS warn of possible retaliation over Al-Awlaki killing  
Yemen: AQAP chief bomb maker also killed in US drone strike against Al-Awlaki convoy  
Afghanistan: senior member of Haqqani Network captured by Isaf forces   7mk7X
Kenya: Another Westerner abducted from  beach reso   
Yemen: President Obama confirms death of Anwar al-Awlaki  
Gaddafi sent £1m to Irish terrorists just before his fall  
United States: FBI foils plot to attack the Pentagon and Capitol building in DC  
Belhaj warns that Islamists will not be marginalised in Libya  
Israel approves new settlements in Jerusalem  
Repo  that Hezbollah will retaliate to an attack on Iran  
Yemen: Defence minister survives assassination attempt in Aden  
Syria: Army storms Aleppo  
Pakistan army chief Kayani cancels UK visit  
Pakistan: Military head cancels trip to UK  
Nigeria: Independence Day threat in Abuja  
Afghanistan & Pakistan: the role of the Haqqani Network  
Yemen: fu her violence as Saleh calls for early elections  
Iraq: four bombings outside government building in Karbala  
Indonesia: suicide attack at Solo church  
Egypt: General Tantawi gives evidence in Mubarak trial  
Turkey seizes armes shipments bound for Syria  
Yemen: 17 protesters killed in new violence in Sanaa  
Pakistan: air strikes kill ten militants in Orakzai  
PLO submits bid for full membership to the UN  
Reuters: How to win business in Libya  
US Embassy in Tripoli reopens  
Main suspect in marrakech bombing denies involvement  
Why Russia is blocking sanctions on Syria  
France puts forward compromise plan for Palestinian statehood vote at UN  
One year since Frenchmen kidnapped from Niger  
Israel summons Egyptian ambassador over peace treaty comments  
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
Israel evacuates diplomatic staff from Amman, Jordan   
Palestinian Authority to submit UN bid on 23rd  Spetember  
Rising threat from Islamist groups across Africa  
Egypt planning to stop  tourist visas at airpo   
Iraq: Al-Sadr will suspend anti-US attacks for time being  
Muslim protesters outside US Embassy in London  
Libya: Fighting resumes in Bani Walid as surrender deadline expires  
Turkey: Erdogan to send Gaza aid flotilla  
Afghanistan: American contractor found dead in Kabul  
AQIM has acquired surface-to-air missiles  
Turkey tops terrorism conviction study  
A different take on the Syrian crisis and its implications for Tehran  
Turkey expels Israeli ambassador  
Links between AQIM and Boko Haram  
London-based Bahrain opposition group linked to Iranian government  
Black people face danger in Libya  
Influencial Americans advising Gaddafi  
Bahrain: violence follows death of teenage protester  
Al-Qaeda's new deputy leader killed in Pakistan  
At least 18 die in car bomb attack on Nigeria U.N. HQ | Reuters   via    
Quds Day celebrated in Iran, Bahrain. Lebanon   
Nigeria: Boko Haram kill seven bank workers  
Algeria: prospects for economic diversification  
FBI focuses on national security over crime  
Terrorist group targeting nanotechnology   CL
State of emergency in Trinidad and Tobago over drug violence  
Rome confirms kidnap of journalists in Libya  
Tracking assets post uprisings in No h Africa  
West warns on weapons proliferating out of Libya  
NATO bombs Gaddafi compound  
Israel: cabinet votes to cooperate with truce in Gaza  
TNC announces capture of Gaddafi  
Libya: Gaddafi's sons arrested in Tripoli  
Gaza/Israel: Hamas ends ceasefire, airstrikes, rocket attacks continue   
Egypt withdraws its envoy to Israel  
Afghanistan: attack on British Council Compound in Kabul  
President Obama calls on Assad to resign  
No Arab Spring in India  
Militant group in southern Yemen makes fu her advances  
Jihad Forums | Jihadists call for attacks on US diplomatic and economic targets  
Russia: FSB foiled Sapsan train attack last month  
Israel advances settlement plans  
Egypt to deploy 1,000 more troops in the Sinai   
Pakistan: two attacks during Independence Day celebrations  
Bahrain: Al-Wefaq to boycott by- elections  
Turkey: PKK claims responsibility for Agri pipeline attack  
Libyan rebels in Zawiya  
Afghanistan: suicide bombing at Parwan governor's compound  
US national kidnapped in Lahore  
Islamists released in Lebanon  
Indian minister of state warns of Al-Qaeda threat  
Iraq: senior ISI figure arrested in Anbar province  
Lebanon to recognise Palestine  
Al-Shabab withdraw from Mogadishu  
Libyan rebels claim Gaddafi son died in NATO airstrike  
Arrested Haqqani Network leader had links to IMU  
Gaddafi aligning with Islamists in rebel ranks  
Iraq: double roadside bombings in central  Ramadi  
Australia: Suspected bomb strapped to woman in Sydney  
Somalia: Suicide attack in Mogadishu thwa ed  
Lebanon: shooting incident involving Australian diplomat near Baalbek  
Nigeria: Government sets up committee to negotiate with Boko Haram  
Somalia: Al-Shabaab receive shipment of weapons prior to Ramadan  
Pakistan: arrest of TTP and LeJ members planning attacks during Ramadan  
Syrian troops enter Hama  
Afghanistan: suicide bombing targets police officers in Lashkar Gah  
Yemen: senior AQAP figure arrested in Abyan  
Egypt: attack on Sinai gas pipeline to Israel  
Repo s finds Iraq more dangerous than one year ago  
Islamist militia 'shot Libyan rebel General'  
Salafi Jihadists in Egypt with ISI/AQAP banners  
Lebanon: STL names four Hezbollah members in Hariri case  
India: Fears of Maoist expansion into cities  
India: Fears of Maoist expansion into cities  
The 'Keyser Söze' of Iraq  
UN: Eritrea planned car bombing on AU summit in Addis   8Zms
Israeli forces prepare for potential Syrian army deployment at border  
Kenya: Al-Shabaab recruiting non-Somali Kenyan nationals  
Norway: train and bus services stopped after suspicious bag discovered  
Bahrain National Dialogue concludes  
Iraq fails to decide on US troop withdrawal  
Bahrain denies additional deployment of Saudi troops  
Israel intercepts boat smuggling weapons from Dead Sea  
Malian army arrests 15 AQIM collaborators near border with Mauritania  
Protests continue in Syria, Assad considering elections   
UK terrorism threat level lowered pa ly due to Bin Laden death  
Repo s of shooting on island near Oslo  
Norway: Explosion in central Oslo   on Janusian Thinking:   
Morocco:  Soldier killed in suspected terrorist attack  
Nigeria: Boko Haram splits  
Protests in Tunis over 'ongoing violence and chaos'  
Assassination attempt on Yemeni opposition leader  
Senior Al-Qaeda member killed in Yemen  
Horn of Africa: Growing AQAP and Al-Shabaab alliance  
Qatar closes embassy in Syria  
AQAP release Inspire 6  
Strikes in Africa this summer?  
Russia: Attack against Moscow transpo  hub thwa ed  
Iranian troops fight Kurdish rebels in Iraqi territory  
Bob Baer:   Israel to attack Iran in the fall 
is now recruiting for a Senior Intelligence Analyst to join our team in London. Visit  
Kurdish political groups declare autonomous state in southeast as PKK kills Turkish 13 soldiers  
Indian police investigate IM connections to 2008 New Delhi attacks  
AQIM and the Arab Spring  
AQIM in Senegal?  
Gulf businesses confident despite Arab Spring  
Somalia: Al-Shabaab abduct aid workers  
7/7 attacks were Bin Laden's 'last success'  
Taliban claim responsibility for the assassination of Karzai's brother  
United Kingdom: Terrorism threat level reduced  
US defence secretary concerned about Iranian-backed groups in Iraq  
Lebanon-Israel maritime border dispute escalates over gas fields  
Bangladesh: Police clash with Islamists outside Dhaka  
STL indictees may not be in Lebanon, one may be dead   
Unrest in Kuala Lumpur as opposition activists defy authorities' ban on rally  
Jihad Forums | Prominent jihadist threatens Sweden and Finland  
Panetta: Strategic defeat of Al-Qaeda within reach  
Nigeria: Boko Haram planning anniversary attacks  
Gaddafi threatens to send 'hundreds' of ma yrs to Europe  
Ugandan police issue terrorism ale  for Uganda and Kenya  
Anger over sale of German tanks to Saudi Arabia  
Senior American official ties Pakistan's military to killing of journalist  
Animal rights group to protest outside Australian embassy in Jaka a tomorrow  
Muslim Brotherhood to join Friday's protests  
Unrest in Suez worsens  
Siege at Malaysian kinderga en  
Strike in Bangladesh  
Indonesian Islamist group threatens to raid nightclubs in run-up to Ramadan  
Syria: Governor of Hama sacked as army moves into city  
Pheu Thai declared winner  
Moroccans approve constitutional reform  
Gaddafi threatens attacks in Europe  
Thai authorities threaten jail time for anyone who campaigns on Twitter on election day  
Kuwait-Iraq border repo ed closed while DOD and civilian contractors grounded at Kuwait airpo   
Yemeni vice-president says security worsening  
Nigeria: Curfew imposed in Abuja following suicide attack  
Greece: Violence in Syndagma Square  
Afghanistan: Suicide bombers attack Kabul hotel  
Divers 'sabotage' Gaza flotilla ship in Greek po   
Repo  states Pakistan terrorists are  'potentially capable' of capturing Pakistan's nuclear assets  
Nigeria: Bomb attack kills 25 people  
TTP vow to attack US, French and British targets   
US: Two small bombs explode at Denver book store  
Pakistan: TTP use husband and wife team in Kolachi suicide attack  
Malian government developing security plan for tourist sites  
Violence at rival protests in Cairo  
Police defuse bomb near medical centre in Karachi  
Seized phone shows Bin Laden's link to Harkat-ul-Mujahedeen  
Malaysian opposition vows reform protests in July  
Nigeria: Boko Haram continue to attack banks  
United States: Suspicious vehicle found near the Pentagon  
UK government bans UPS cargo over screening concerns  
Saudi women to defy ban on driving on Friday  
Reuters repo s on splits within the Mahdi Army  
India: Police defuse bomb on train in Guwahati  
Nigeria: Explosion in Abuja  
Drone strikes kill 19 in Waziristan agencies  
Curfew lifted in Egypt  
Pakistan: General Kayani fighting to save his job  
Judges in Bashir trial receive death threats  
2002 Bali bomb suspect among those arrested in connection with cyanide plot in Indonesia  
Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood forms coalition with Wafd  
Hamas rejects Fatah nominee for prime minister in unity government  
Libya: OSAC ale  warns of the risk of attacks against hotels in Benghazi  
Protests in Damascus following Friday prayers  
Somalia: Al-Shabaab claims assassination of interior minister  
Senior Al-Qaeda figure killed in Somalia  
Iraq: Local media warns of imminent terrorism threat in Baghdad  
Explosion at IKEA in Germany  
Minor clashes at Temple Mount  
Panetta believes Iraq eill ask US troops to extend mandate  
Iraq| Shia group claims attack on US forces  
Bahrain Grand Prix Canceled  
Pakistan's civilian government surrendered power to the military to 'avoid coup'  
Panetta says Iraqi government might ask for troop extension  
Rana found not guilty in Mumbai terrorism trial  
Leaders meet in UAE to discuss Libya's future  
Commentary: A Saudi perspective on the Arab uprisings  
Rare protest in Damascus 08/05/11  
Communiqué | ISI claims Tikrit attacks  
Lebanon: Bomb scare at Justice Ministry  
Yemen: Tribal fighters take over Taiz, fighting continues in Zinjibar   
Saudi Arabia: Shooting at Yemeni border  
Potential for protests in Saudi Arabia  
Radical Islamist group in Indonesia denies link to terrorism suspects  
Indications Saleh's trip to Saudi arabia 'one way'  
Israeli troops open fire on pro-Palestinian protesters  
US Homeland Security Secretary warns of LeT threat to America  
Ilyas Kashmiri repo ed killed in an American drone strike  
Saleh has left Yemen for 'medical treatment' in Riyadh  
Egypt denies Al Qaeda presence in Sinai  
US  security official compares LeT to Al-Qaeda  
Pakistan: Karachi strike over power outages  
UK embassy in Indonesia relocates staff after removal of counter-terrorism measures from adjoining street  
Syrian opposition conference makes progress  
Human Rights Watch releases repo  on Syrian protests  
Bomb threat in Watford bank  
Pakistan's ISI officially denies role in journalist's death  
Jordanian opposition reiterates calls for PM resignation  
Pakistan closes US 'intelligence fusion' cells  
Al-Qaeda discussed making a pact with Pakistan  
Qatar closes embassy in Sanaa  
US embassy warns of threat to American citizens in West Africa  
FCO warns Britons to leave Yemen immediately  
Potential divisions in Hamas  
Egypt to permanently open Rafah crossing  
Curfew on Manama lifted  
Tensions within Yemen's military  
Car explodes near government building in Astana  
Security forces retake Naval Air Base  
Tunisia election may be delayed  
Militants attack military base in Karachi  
Yemeni president refuses to sign newest accord  
Lebanon: Kidnapped Estonians in video plea  
Malaysia hands suspected terrorist to Singapore  
Saleh sets new date to sign power transfer agreement  
Indonesian militants 'eyed' military targets  
Washington Post interviews Egypt's Military Council  
Survey: Majority of Westerners 'very concerned' about terrorist threat to transpo ation  
Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood chooses Christian VP  
US to sanction Syrian president  
Reconstruction of  the Marrakesh attack  
Pakistani Taliban releases video warning of retaliation  
Terrorism expe  claims Al-Qaeda has appointed a new 'caretaker' leader  
Morocco and Jordan's GCC bid to bolster body's regional influence  
United Kingdom: London terrorism ale   linked to dissident Republicans  
Indonesia: Counter-terrorism police kill two terrorists during a raid in Central Jav  
Thousands gathered in Egypt's Tahrir Square  
Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood to expel members running for president  
Qatar withdraws from Yemen negotiations  
Philippines military claims 'Five Bin Laden-linked terrorists' are hiding in Mindanao  
Bin Laden: Po rait of a micro-manager  
Date set for Bahrain by-election  
Lebanese cabinet possibly nearing formation  
Israeli policy revoked Palestinian citizenship rights  
OBL's sons release statement on death  
Bomb explodes at Malmö restaurant  
Thailand to hold elections on 3 July  
Muslim-Christian clashes in Cairo  
Taliban launch coordinated attacks across Kandahar  
AQIM 'denies Marrakech bombing'  
Yemen air-strike in Shabwa targeted Awlaki  
Thai prime minister announces that he will ask king to dissolve parliament; paving the way for early elections  
Jamaat-e-Islami to hold nationwide protests against US interference in Pakistan  
Police advise motorists to seek alternative routes during Jaka a ASEAN summit  
Three suspects arrested in connection to Marrakech bombing  
Palestinian leaders in Cairo to sign deal  
Europol’s 2011 Organised Crime Threat Assessment (OCTA)  
Bahrian to prosecute doctors who helped injured protesters  
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
UK: Five men arrested under Terrorism Act near Sellafield nuclear power plant  
Iranians release image of Bin Laden corpse  
Osama Bin Laden killed in a carefully planned raid by US SF on compound no h of Islamabad.  
NATO airstrike kills Gaddafi's youngest son  
Syrian military gains control of crucial mosque as fu her protester deaths repo ed  
New details on Marrakech bombing casualties  
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood confirms it will contest seats in September elections  
Thai - Cambodia border clashes resume despite truce  
Fatah and Hamas reach reconciliation agreement  
Saudi Al-Qaeda commander 'killed in airstrike' in Pakistan  
No hern Ireland: Royal Wedding terror ale   
Clashes in West Bank after Palestinian police kill unauthorised Israeli worshippers  
FCO raises travel warning for Syria  
Yemeni president accepts deal to step down  
Good Friday protests in Syria deadliest so far  
Serbia | Large anti-government protests tomorrow in Belgrade  
Lebanon: ISF chief thinks kidnappers of Estonians have political motive  
Fatah may join upcoming Gaza flotilla  
Senior US official says ISI continues to suppo  the Haqqani Network  
Indonesian police arrest six parcel bomb suspects as new device is found outside Jaka a church  
Philippines military warns of Abu Sayyaf threat during Easter  
Kidnappers release video of Estonian tourists  
Police arrest No h Caucasus terrorist leader in Moscow  
Syria lifts emergency law, but bans all demonstrations   
Croatia:  Suppo  for accession to the EU at its lowest recorded number  
Pakistan: Interior ministry repo s claim terrorist groups planning campaign of attacks if military intervenes in N  
Serbia:  Cou  ruling on ultranationalist group expected on Wednesday  
Malaysian police recover six grenades from Kuala Lumpur hotel  
Car bomb in southern Thailand kills one soldier and injures 25  
Algeria: Bouteflika pledges constitutional reform  
PKK calls for attacks against candidates running in 12 June elections  
Senior Indonesian counter-terrorism official says suicide bomber pa  of group behind parcel bombs  
Suicide bomber attacks police mosque in West Java, Indonesia   
MENA | Summary of likely protests tomorrow by country  
French nationals arrested in Pakistan en route to meet Al-Qaeda figure  
Iraqi government limits protests in Baghdad  
Eight more targeted killings in Karachi  
Philippines navy intensifies anti-terrorism operations off Mindanao  
Pakistani government criticises latest US drone strike  
Possible talks between Pakistani government and TTP?  
Syria: Activists publish 'intercepted mukhabarat memo '  
Warnings that Hezbollah might strike at western targets  
Gaza crossing open after seven days of closure  
British government warns against all but essential travel to Syria  
Philippines intelligence repo  describes commodity price rises as 'national security concern'  
Thailand extends emergency rule in South  
Student rally in Algiers today  
Rebels reject AU's deal with Gaddafi  
Two protesters killed in Cairo  
Syria: At least 20 protesters killed in Friday protests  
ICG releases repo  on on the Bahrain revolt  
Uganda: Al-Shabaab 'issues new attack threat'  
Two Syrian policemen shot dead near Damascus   y
Maoist pa ies to unite across South Asia  
US freezes arms shipments to Lebanon  
Police fire on protesters in Taiz  
Ivory Coast: French forces take over Abidjan airpo   
French troops take over Abidjan airpo   
Kuwait cabinet resigns  
Philippines military kills three Abu Sayyaf members in south of country  
Indonesian intelligence agency confirms arrest of Umar Patek in Pakistan  
President Obama authorises cove  aid to Libyan rebels  
Canada: man arrested for terrorism offences at Toronto Airpo    on Janusian Thinking:   
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
AQAP releases Inspire 5  
Doku Umarov: charged with Moscow Airpo  attack; also repo ed 'killed' today  
Taliban create group to hunt US drone ‘spies’  
President Saleh to stay until 2013  
Yemen: AQAP attack military convoy  
Hamas re-confirms truce as Israeli military deploy the Iron Dome  
Libya: rebel commander 'admits his fighters have al-Qaeda links'  
Lebanon: Bomb attack on a church in Zahlé  
Pakistan: anti-US protests continue in Lahore  
Protesters in Deraa rip down a poster of President Bashar al-Assad.  
Protests in the Hamidiyeh Souq in Damascus  
Foreign Minister denies news on Saleh’s depa ure  
Map of Syria protests  
Bahrain minister implicates Iran in Shia unrest  
Protests in Damascus 25th March  
Protests in Damascus 25th March  
Protests begin breaking out in Damascus  
Saudi top wanted terrorist placed on US list  
Syria: Government pledges political reforms following unrest  
PFLP, PRC claim joint mo ar attack toward Negev   
10,000 to 20,000 protest in Deraa   
Dubai police seize arms cache bound for Saada  
Pakistan police foil plot to attack the Cricket World Cup  
Terrorist attack in Jerusalem  
Pakistan police foil attempt to attack Parliament House in Islamabad  
Protest in Damascus neighbourhood 21/03  
Ethiopian foreign policy shift to suppo  ove hrow of Eritrean government  
Fifth bomb found in Indonesia explodes  
UN Security Council approves resolution against Gaddafi regime  
Images of Pearl Roundabout 17 March, 2011   
Indonesia: Another small bomb found in Jaka a  
Raymond Davis released after victims' relatives 'forgave him'  
Demonstration  in Syria, March 15   
Small bomb explodes in East Jaka a  
'Raymond Davis pa  of CIA team tracking Lashkar-e-Toiba'  
Turkey: PKK and KCK plan campaign of unrest during Nevruz  
Janusian updates on Bahrain  
Egyptians struggle with police absence  
Egypt: police arrest NDP officials for organising violent counter-protests  
STL indictment delayed due to amendment  
Yemen elections will be delayed  
Suspected Abu Sayyaf attack in southern Philippines kills five people  
How far could protests go in Syria?  
Suspect package causes pa ial evacuation of Heathrow's Terminal 5  
France recognises rebels as legitimate government of Libya  
Sri Lanka: Suspected LeT terrorist depo ed  
Iran and the Arab uprisings  
Libya: Gaddafi regime 'still benefiting from hundreds of millions of dollars in oil expo  revenues'  
British paper repo s SAS men 'captured' in eastern Libya  
Saudi Arabia bans all protest and warns it will 'take action' to preserve public order  
British Foreign Office advises against all travel to Yemen  
Peace talks between India and Pakistan to resume this month  
Iyad Allawi rejects position in Iraqi government  
Tunisian president calls first round of elections  
Pakistan: Cou  rules against diplomatic immunity for CIA contractor  
UN repo : World food prices to keep rising  
Terrorism threats prompt unprecedented security at cricket World Cup  
Egyptian prime minister resigns  
Gunman kills two in attack on US military bus at Frankfu  airpo   
Gulf States propose economic aid package for Bahrain and Oman  
Arab stock markets dive over fears of unrest  
PKK declares its ceasefire over  
Pakistan minister assassinated in Islamabad  
Salafis stage rare protest in Amman  
Rally against secatrian rule in Lebanon  
AQAP calls for an Islamic Revolution  
Indonesian police to set up elite anti-riot squad  
The popular mood in Saudi Arabia  
Rebels in Ivory coast take western town Zouan-Hounien  
Police fire tear gas into crowds in Tunis  
Iraq: Suspected terrorist attack shuts down country's largest refinery  
Yemen: Powerful tribal chief joins protesters  
Member may find this analysis Janusian just released on the situation in the MENA region useful.  
Small Shia protest held in eastern Saudi Arabian town  
Next hearing in Raymond Davis case set for 3rd March  
Legislature failings allowing terrorist groups to re-group in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa  
Libya,  Egypt  Tunisia  revolt: Analysis: The ‘Arab Spring’: a new era of change, and risk   
Gaddafi speaking on state TV, via telephone   
Janusian analysis: The 'Arab Spring' - a new era of change, and risk 
“The Arab Spring”- Briefing notes  
Gaddafi says he will not resign or leave Libya  
Pakistan: Davis former Blackwater employee  
Libya: Gadhafi shedding suppo , risk of mutiny, airspace closed   
Jordan: Not a domino in the Middle East  
Libya local situation update  
Libyan justice minister resigns over 'excessive use of force'  
Leader of southern movement arrested as anti-government protests escalate in Yemen  
Western oil companies halt operations and evacuate staff from Libya  
Pakistan: Davis confirmed as CIA agent  
FCO changes advice for Libya to all but essential travel  
Protests held in Morocco  
TTP video shows Hakeemullah Mehsud is alive  
Afghanistan: Triple suicide bombing at Jalalabad bank  
Egyptian military bans strikes  
Security forces break up protests in Algeria  
Libya: massacres, news blackout, airpo  closure, prison breakout   
Police say Islamists attacked Tunis red light district  
Libya: 84 dead in unrest. Benghazi worst affected  
Bahrain: UK and US latest advice for travel and expats  
Egypt to let Iranian ships through Suez Canal  
The Economist -   Businesspeople need to think harder about political risk 
Clashes during protests in Amman  
MENA interactive protest map  
Morocco campaign video for 20 February protest  
Bahrain local situation update  
Libya: Al-Bayda region security chief dismissed  
Repo s claim Davis to receive diplomatic immunity in Pakistan  
Lebanon cabinet will not be formed this week  
STL defines terrorism in Hariri assassination case  
Janusian intelligence and security suppo  in Bahrain  
Egypt: constitutional amendments due in 10 days  
Shia parliamentary bloc walks out of Bahraini parliament  
Pakistani Taliban threaten attacks against government if US consular worker is freed  
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood applies to become a political pa y  
Azerbaijan 'preparing for war' with Armenia  
Algerian opposition to hold weekly protests every Saturday  
Police protest in Cairo  
Australia closes its consulates in Lahore and Karachi because of security threats  
Palestinian cabinet to resign  
Egypt: military dissolves parliament and constitution  
AQAP number 2 Al-Shihiri dead  
Mubarak has stepped down, army is in control   
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
Mubarak 'may be stepping down'  
UK tour operators resume flights to Tunisia  
Rumours spreading in GCC that King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia has died  
Muslim Brotherhood outlines goals  
Egyptian military accused of detaining and to uring government opponents  
Suicide attack against Pakistani troops in Mardan  
Another 'decorative democracy' in Yemen?  
US administration stops high-level diplomacy with Pakistan  
Mass protests resume in Tahrir Square  
Palestinian elections to be held on 9 July  
Kuwait interior minister resigns  
Nasrallah to address Egyptian crisis  
Iraq's Maliki will not seek third term  
The role of the army in the Egyptian crisis  
Journalists detail detention by Egyptian police  
India - Pakistan talks begin; heightened terrorism threat  
Thousands protest over shrine attacks in Lahore  
Terrorists kill OGDC  workers in Jaffarabad  
Egypt: Explosion at gas pipeline in Sinai  
Janusian OSINT 040211  
Pakistan moving towards an Iran-style revolution  
Algeria to lift state of emergency  
Bomb explodes outside shrine in Lahore  
Egypt: Mubarak suppo ers storm Hilton Hotel  
Armenian opposition 'to organize Egypt-like rallies'  
Egypt: Raw OSINT situation updates  
Where Mubarak retains suppo   
Egypt: Janusian assistance available in Cairo as security situation deteriorates  
Egypt: Janusian assistance available in Cairo as security situation deteriorates  
IMF chief warns that global inequalities could cause civil wars  
Leaked cables reveal fears of di y bomb attack  
The Obama administration and Egypt  
Why Yemen is not Egypt or Tunisia  
Egypt: Evacuation information  
General Omar Suleiman's rising star  
Bashar al-Assad to sta  reforms; says he maintains grass-root suppo   
Bashar al-Assad to sta  reforms; says he maintains grass-root suppo   
Protests continue in Yemen  
Plan to dismember Balochistan foiled  
Mass protests across Egypt - live feed  
Albania: Demonstrations threat to national security  
Al-Qaeda leader admits US drones have damaged its capability  
Egypt arrest Muslim Brotherhood memebers as protests continue  
US diplomat kills two in Lahore  
Intelligence repo s warn of suicide attacks against key targets in Pakistan  
Unilever CEO warns on food prices at Davos  
Bus explosion in Manila's financial district  
Egypt blames Palestinian group for Coptic church attack  
Bangladesh suspends trading firms  
Mullah Omar in Karachi hospital?  
Balochistan's strategic impo ance  
The Next Tunisia?  
Middle East Repo  Online's Tunisia assessment  
Karachi: military intervention imminent  
Analysis: Arab rulers cagey after Tunisian leader ove hrown  
Talks on appointing new PM postponsed in Lebanon  
Hezbollah will not back Hariri  
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
A coup in Tunisia  
US urges citizens not travel to Tunisia  
Bruce Riedel on Al-Qaeda's global reach  
Sources repo  of large clash in Karachi; military intervention possible  
Israeli troops on high ale  following fall of Lebanese government  
Rumours abound of a coup in Tunisia
Terrorist groups to target royal wedding?  
Businessmen killed in Philippines  
Gaza rockets land in southern Israeli town  
IDF targets Islamic Jihad militant in Gaza  
Hamas urges Gaza groups to stop cross-border attacks into Israel  
Background to Tunisia protests  
Attacks in Balochistan target gas wells  
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
Mass protests in Karachi as unrest spreads  
Five Egyptians kidnapped in Jbeil, Lebanon   
Two French Citizens Kidnapped in Niger Capital  
The state of terrorism ten years after 9/11  
Israeli intelligence: no Iran atom bomb before 2015  
Threat level raised at UK airpo s; UK threat rumours  
Renault: espionage threatens its 'strategic assets'  
Moqtada al-Sadr returns to Najaf  
Unconfirmed repo s suggest AQAP leader killed in Pakistan  
Turks see US and Israel as top threats  
Terrorism trends in Israel and Palestinian Territories 2010  
Punjab governor assassinated in Islamabad  
Grenade attack in Beirut  
Moqtada al-Sadr and Iraq's new parliament  
Kuwait: Opposition to quiz PM on Tuesday  
Parcel bomb explosion at Swiss embassy in Rome  
ISN Forecast 2011: Conflict Hotspots  
Iraq: Maliki may announce some Cabinet members  
Lebanon: political and commercial freeze ahead of STL indictments  
Morocco, Polisario Front: new talks   
Sectarian clashes in Saudi Arabia  
Yemen radioactive stocks  'an easy  target'  
Anti-terror police arrest 12 people in nationwide raids  
UK, Germany:   No holiday terror plot   - AP   
DHS:  Mumbai-style attack in United States warning  
Israel: Lebanon war drills, mock air raids, Sidon explosion   
Al-Shabab threat in relation to No h Africa  
Al-Qaeda planning Christmas  attacks in the West  
31 Indian Indian Mujahidin terrorists at large in India  
New Greek austerity clashes  
Violent protests in Italy as Berlusconi weathers no-confidence vote  
Army could intervene in Pakistan  
Pakistan Islamic pa y withdraws from the coalition  
CT raids in Germany  
Nasrallah to deliver 'high-tone' speech on 17th December  
SAPO: official remarks on Stockholm incident  
Brookings: Opinion polls on Mid East peace process  
Protests in Karachi  
Protests in Karachi  
Plan to Paralyze Lebanon  
Barak: STL will not affect Israel  
Terrorists strike Hindu site in India  
Terrorists attempt to assassinate PPP member in Balochistan  
US struggling to stop weapons flow from Eastern Europe to Middle East regimes and terrorists  
Indonesia: Police say terrorist group planned to attack Chevron Indonesia  
Lebanese army would stand back in Israel-Hezbollah war - leaked cable  
Al-Qaeda planned to poison Saudi officials  
Afghanistan: Suicide bombing outside international military base  
Iraq: Coordinated car bombings across Baghdad  
US to advise Yemen on airpo  security  
Wikileaks: Lebanese defense minister offered advice to Israel on Hezbollah  
Iraqi security forces arrest 39 Al-Qaeda suspects  
Protests likely in Indonesia tomorrow  
Israeli military thwa  attack on Gaza-Israel border  
Links between AQAP and No h African Al-Qaeda affiliate  
TTP to target police officers in Karachi  
Arrests foil terrorist attack in Karachi  
Wikileaks: US Secretary of Defense said it was astonishing that Zardari was still in power in 2010  
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
Iraq delays census for third time  
Voting cancelled in ten districts in Egypt  
Saudi Arabia announces arrest of 149 AQAP suspects  
Suicide attack foiled in Islamabad  
Suicide attack foiled in Islamabad  
PFLP 'ambush  Israeli patrol in Gaza'  
Conflicting views on hunting down Awlaki  
Israeli envoy called over 'assault on diplomats  
India on high ale  ahead of Mumbai terrorist anniversary  
The Aceh Militant Network  
The Aceh Militant Network  
Pa  time Taliban: British Afghans who take time away from their day jobs to fight for the Taliban  
Hamas: no Al-Qaeda in Gaza Strip  
CBC news 'leaks' information from inside Hariri investigation  
Riots in Jordan over shooting  
US issues new terrorist warning for shipping lanes in Middle East  
AQAP releases third edition of Inspire  
Special Assessment | Germany | Current Threat Advisory  
AQIM warns France  
Lebanese authorities hunting for escaped Fatah al-Islam member  
Gaza militants fire soviet designed rockets into southern Israel  
Possible connection between Indian Maoists and Pakistani LeT  
US to deploy heavily armored battle tanks in Afghanistan for first time  
UNSCL: Indictment in Hariri Murder Case Soon  
Al-Qaeda linked group threatens Israel in Hebrew  
Possible boycott of Vodafone in Egypt and Middle East  
BBC series on Hariri pulled as tensions rise in Lebanon  
Karachi on edge of gang-led civil war  
US  State Dept: LeT   profoundly dangerous 
Israel stages two targeted killings in Gaza Strip  
Hezb-e-Islami offers truce to coalition forces  
Kayani promotes 23 Generals  
Madagascar coup attempt  
Poll result triggers violence in Guinea  
Israeli cabinet to approve withdrawal from Ghajar, Lebanon   
Hezbollah: Congress briefing paper  
Politics and crime in Karachi  
US plans to expand military and intelligence presence in Yemen  
Iran holds first nationwide air defense drill  
Hariri announces military aid package from Russia  
Militants target Christians in Mosul  
Copts stage sit-in in Talbiya  
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
Israel slates missile shield for 2015  
Gamal Mubarak 'no personal ambition' to be president  
Cracks appear in Iraq power-sharing deal  
Repo  on Pakistani terrorist who directed Mumbai hotel attacks  
Hariri indictments  'could shake Lebanon to its core'  
Senior Israeli officials warns Hamas rockets can reach Tel Aviv  
Council on Foreign Relations issues repo  on US AfPak strategy  
Interview about the possibility of a coup in Pakistan  
Afghanistan: NATO airbase targeted in Jalalabad  
Yemen's tribes refuse to hand over AQAP members  
New AQAP video released  
Hezbollah: we will not allow arrest of fighters  
Nouri al-Maliki reappointed Iraqi prime minister  
Unrest in Jordan following election results  
Egyptian security forces arrest terrorist cell in the Sinai  
Explosion Karachi  
Map showing possible point of detonation of bomb aboard UPS flight 232 East Midlands to Philadelphia 28 Oct 2010  
The tactical success of drone strikes  
Lebanon's cabinet delays vote on Hariri tribunal  
Al-Qaeda leader Al-Zawahiri publishes a new book  
Pakistani police arrest six LeJ terrorists in Karachi  
South Yemen opposition leader's arrest triggers protests  
Ugandan police warn of more terrorist attacks  
Indonesian police appeal to protesters before Obama visit  
Israel Ready for Lebanon War  
IDF: Hezbollah refused Hamas during Gaza war  
US bans cargo from Yemen and Somalia  
Anwar al-Awlaqi communiqué urges the religious establishment to promote the 'jihadi spirit' and killing Americans  
Awlaki releases new video calling for killing of Americans  
US deploys drones to Yemen  
Regional actors and their role in Afghanistan  
Drone strikes driving militants from No h Waziristan  
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
Mosque destroyed in Arab-Israeli village in southern Negev  
JTAC raises terrorism threat level in London  
Interpol issues global security ale   
AQAP claims September crash in Dubai and attempts last week on Janusian Thinking:  
Kidnap for ransom on the rise in Karachi  
Yemen steps up aviation security after parcel bomb incident  
The Yemeni view of AQAP  
Hezbollah warns of an explosion if STL indicts its members  
US clasifies Jundallah as terrorist organisation  
Coincidence or precursor? September UPS cargo crash in Dubai   on Janusian Thinking:   
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
Aramex stops shipments from Yemen  
We have released our analysis on AQAP's air freight bombing attempt. Read it here  
Terrorism Tracker Special: AQAP Attempted Air Freight Bombing   on Janusian Thinking:   
Threat to blow up Baba Ramdev temple in Rajasthan  
Security increased at ISF HQ   I
Bomb explodes at Swiss embassy in Athens  
Yemen charges US-born cleric Anwar Al-Awlaki  
Greek Police -three Parcel Bombs in Athens  - Embassy targets  
Pakistan: Terrorists storm police compound in Swabi town of Khyber-Paktunkhwa province  
Terrorist on run in Islamabad; attacks possible  
US officials say campaign against Taliban isn't working  
Al-Qaeda's stategy in India  
Just added a new discussion on Janusian ThinkingHizbullah Simulation Aims to Hold Grip on Lebanon, Besiege Hariri i   
Turkey Suicide bombing in central Istanbul  
Lebanon in 'hyper-dangerous' state: UN envoy  
Afghanistan: Large-scale assault on NATO base  
Iraq: Suicide bombing in Diyala Province  
Mauritania unveils new counte errorism programme  
Suspected bomb found aboard cargo plane in UK  
No h Korea troops fire in South Korea  
Nasrallah calls for boycott of STL  
Al-Qaeda Western plot aimed to free KSM  
Police arrest man in 'plot to bomb Washington DC Metro'  
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
Incident in Beirut southern suburbs  
Saudi-Yemen border vital to AQAP  
Communiqué: Bin Laden audio-address sends warning to France  
Turkey: Twelve Al-Qaeda suspects arrested  
Ruler of RAK dies  
New ICG repo  on Iraq’s Security Forces  
Terrorist group plot attack in Multan, Pakistan   
Police on ale  as rightist rally to outlaw Islamic group  
Security at US airpo s unnecessary?  
Tariq Aziz sentenced to death  
International Crisis Group repo  on Iraqi security forces  
Pakistan calls for intelligence sharing to thwa  attacks in the West   Z
French paper details Hizbullah weapons supply route  
Growing influence of LeT in South Asia  
Former Al-Qaeda military chief returns to Pakistan from Iran  
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
Egypt bans religious slogans in parliamentary elections  
Mo ar shells fired from Gaza into Israel  
Secret Dispatches From the War in Iraq  
Two suicide bombers arrested in Karachi  
Lebanon: One dead and 4 wounded in a cluster bomb explosion  
The beta testing with external members is officially underway.
Israel drafts 'day-to-day' contingency plan for nuclear Iran
Pakistani interior minister announces new anti-terrorism powers for coast guards
Second attack attempted at Gulf Cup of Nations stadium
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
Travel ban for terrorist suspects  
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
Another shrine attacked in Punjab  
Businesses being to leave Karachi as security deteriorates  
TTP will ask Karzai for shelter  
STL indictment postponed?  
An in-depth study of the Haqqani network  
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
Hezbollah slams UN 'interference' in Lebanese affairs  
Map of assassinations in Afghanistan.  
David Headley shot footage of Indian Nuclear Site  
Hamas arms cache found in Ramallah  
Large attack in Jammu and Kahmir feared  
Nasrallah-Hariri meeting in a few hours  
Aid convoy arrives in Gaza overland from Egypt  
Iran as a threshold nuclear state  
Prince Bandar Bin Sultan returns home  
Settlers sta  to build 600 new homes as soon as ban ends  
Small blast in Beijing injures US student  
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
TV stations closed down in Egypt ahead of elections  
Hariri and Hezbollah restore contact 'to preserve peace'  
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
Just added a new discussion on Janusian Thinking  
Palestinian school torched amid increased violence in the West Bank  
France tells nationals to evacuate Yemen if possible   
Saudi Arabia: Attempted attack on military base in Ta'if   on Janusian Thinking:   
Explosives not smuggled into Ireland from Eastern Europe  
Shining Path leader captured in Lima  
One issue wo h more exploration is the split of the Pakistani Taliban. The Mehsud Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan - comm  
Rioting in Jeddah  
Blast at Hamas training site  
German jihadists found it hellish in Afghanistan  
18 dead in two attacks in Karachi  
Pakistan is ready for surgical strikes against terrorist groups in No h Waziristan but does not favour full-scale   
UK National Security Strategy available for download  
Islamic State attacks Save the Children charity in Afghanistan    AfghanWar  SaveTheChildren…  
Kabul attack: Taliban kill 95 with ambulance bomb in Afghan capital AfghanWar  Kabul  StopTerror  DestroyTheTaliban…  
Four U.S. citizens killed in Jan. 20 attack on Kabul hotel    AfghanWar  Kabul  StopTerror…  
Charges: Former student set fires on St. Catherine campus in retaliation against U.S. military intervention…  
Baghdad suicide bombers kill dozens in attack on labourers  IraqWar  StopTerror  StopISIS  StopRadicals. More innoc…  
We're saddened by the loss of astronaut John Young, who was 87. Young flew twice to the Moon, walked on its surface &amp; flew the fi… 
Saddened for the loss of former astronaut colleague John Young - the astronauts’ astronaut, a true legend. Fair winds… 
Afghanistan suicide bomb victim: 'My face was burning'  AfghanWar  StopAlQaeda  StopISIS  StopTheTaliban…  
Putin says St. Petersburg supermarket bombing was terrorism    AlQaeda  StPetersburgAttack…  
DHS calls Pennsylvania police shootings 'a terror attack'
ISIS atrocities on daily display in Mosul's morgue via the   App  ISIS  Iraq  Atrocities  Terror  WarCrimes  
San Francisco: Man arrested over 'Christmas terror plan'  StopTerror  StopRadicalization  StopISIS A sad state of a…  
Melbourne car attack: Australia police charge man  SoundsLikeTerrorAttack  If it  QuacksLikeADuck  ItsADuck…  
CIA 'helped stop Russia terror attack'  WeMustActTogether to  StopTerror  StopISIS  StopRadicalIslam  Russia…  
Deadly attack on Methodist church in Pakistan  MerryChristmasFromISIS  StopISIS  ChurchAttack  StopRadicals…  
Another day, another  TerrorAttack in  NewYork, fo unately, it was a failure. We have a duty to stop the  IslamicState and  Radical Islam. 
New York Po  Authority attack: Man held after Manhattan blast  NewYorkTerrorAttack  StopIslamicState  StopHate…  
Putin announces Russian troop withdrawal from Syria during visit  SyrianWar  Russia  TroopDrawDown  Victory?  
Hafiz Saeed: US seeks re-arrest of Pakistan $10m bounty cleric  PakistaniCleric  MumbaiAttack  StopTerrorism…  
Egypt mosque attack toll climbs above 300
Egypt attack: IS flags carried by gunmen, say officials This is why we must  StopISIS  ToHellWithISIS…   
This is sickening... Good luck, Canada.   
Building walls &amp; barriers is just another state of living under war. We refuse to admit we are at war.
New York attack: Eight killed by man in truck  NewYorkTerror  StopISIS  StopTerror  ToHellWithISIS  StopRadicals   
BBC News - Kabul Green Zone attacked by suicide bomber    StopISIS  StopTerror  ToHellWithISIS  StopRadicalization!!
BBC News - Mogadishu bombings: Daytime ban on trucks to stop attacks    SomalTerror  TheMog  StopTerror  StopAlQaeda
Egyptian police suffer casualties in ambush   StopISIS  EgyptianAttack  StopRadicalIslam
Mogadishu truck bombing death toll jumps to 358  Somalia  StopTerror  StopAlShabab  StopAlQaeda  StopISIS   
BBC News - Raqqa: IS 'capital' falls to US-backed Syrian forces    SyrianWar  StopISIS  StopTerror  Raqqa  Radicals
Somalia: At least 230 dead in Mogadishu blast  StopTerror  StopAlShabab  PrayForVictims  PrayForPeace!  
Anger over Mogadishu bomb attack boils over into streets  Somalia  TheMog  StopTerror  Sad  StopAlShabab!  
Somali bomb victims: Searching for clues  StopTerror  Stop  alShabab  Horror!   
Afghan suicide mosque attacks kill scores of worshippers  AfghanWar  StopTerror  StopISIS  StopAlQaeda   
'Islamic State': Raqqa's loss seals rapid rise and fall  TheyAreStillAThreat  IslamicState  StopISIS  StopTerror   
Cou  in Iraq orders arrest of Kurdistan VP Kosrat Rasul  IraqWar  Kurds  WhatNext?  
Iraq Kurds: Army claims full control of Kirkuk province  IraqWar  KurdishForces  WhatNow?  
BBC News - Syria war: Fighting worst since battle for Aleppo - ICRC    SyrianWar  StopISIS  StopTerror  CivilWar
BBC News - 'New Baghdadi tape' posted by Islamic State group    StopISIS  Iraq  Syria  IraqWar  StopAlBaghdadi
Iraq forces retake town of Hawija from IS  IraqWar  StopISIS  StopTerror  StopRadicalIslam  MiddleEast  Hawija  
LasVegasMassacre I express my disgust for this act of terror! Another piece of our innocence torn away to expose the decay of the wicked!
BBC News - US soldiers killed in ambush in Niger    WarOnTerror  StopRadicalIslam  StopTerror  StopISIS  StopAlQaeda
BBC News - Las Vegas shooting: Veterans, nurse and teachers among the dead    LasVegas  USA  StopTerrorism  Motive?? 
BBC News - Edmonton attack: Refugee arrested over 'terror' incident    Canada  StopISIS  StopTerror  RadicalIslam  Sad
BBC News - Marseille attack: Two young women stabbed to death    Europe  France  StpoISIS  StopRadicalIslam  Terrorism
BBC News - Parsons Green bomb: Police make sixth arrest in inquiry    Europe  GB  StopTerror  StopISIS  Radicalization
UN Mission: 80 civilians dying in terror attacks daily in Afghanistan via the   app  AfghanWar  StopTerror   
Syria war: Assault on IS-held Raqqa in 'final stages'  StopISIS  Raqqa  SyrianWar  StopTerror  EnsGenocide   
Islamic State 'execution' stopped by RAF drone in Syria  StopISIS  StopTerror  StopGenocide  Syria  RadicalIslam   
Iraqi forces launch offensive to retake Hawija from IS  IraqWar  StopISIS  StopTerror  HardFight  StopISISWarCrimes   
German election marks unprecedented political shift  ChangesInEurope  PoliticalShift  MigrantCrisis   
Amal Clooney and IS victim demand justice for Yazidis  AboutTime  ISISGenocide  Yazidis  StopTerror  StopISIS  
Thank you for your suppo  as it is most appreciated! I hope this does become a reality.
Thank you. I appreciate your suppo , however, we have a long, hard fight ahead of us! 
Opinion: Turn Fo  Negley prope y into Civil War museum  
Pentagon: U.S. citizen fighting with ISIS has been captured in Syria    StopTerror  StopISIS  Traitor  StopRadicals
Parsons Green: Police hunt bomber behind Tube attack  London  GB  AnotherAttack  StopTerror  StopISIS  Radicals   
Today on  September11th we remember those we tragically lost and the first responders who were heroes that day and every…
Remembering September 11, 2001  NeverForget   
We remember everyone we lost on 9/11 and honor all who defend our country and our ideals. No act of terror will ever chang…

Barcelona attack: Van driver shot dead by police  GoodRiddance  ToHellWithISIS  Scumbag  StopJihad!  StopTerror   
The brainwashed teens fleeing to Europe  ToHellWithISIS  StopTerror  NextWorldWar  ISIS  Brainwashed?  PoorChildren   
Lebanese army recaptures third of IS stronghold near Ras Baalbek  StopTerror  StopISIS  Lebanon  ToHellWithISIS  
IS conflict: Iraq army makes advances on Tal Afar  IraqWar  StopTerror  TelAfar  ToHellWithISIS  DestroyTerror   
Syria war: Russian jets 'destroy IS convoy near Deir al-Zour'  StopTerror  StopISIS  ToHellWithISIS  Russia  Syria  
Australian terror plan to hide plane bomb in Barbie revealed  StopTerror  StopISIS  ToHellWithISIS  NextWorldWar?  
Barcelona attack: New manhunt for suspected driver  DeathToISIS  StopTerror  PatheticScum  LowLife  StopRadicalIslam  
We are at war with  RadicalIslam the world over.  ISIS and their ilk must be stopped. They  TargetedWomen in  Finland. When will we fight?
Finland killings: Knifeman 'targeted women in Turku terror attack'  StopTerror  NextWorldWar?  Europe  ISIS  Finland  
1) Unknown as of yet if  Turku  Finland attack is terrorism. However, wo h noting that  ISIS has attracted  Finnish fighter… 
This is a global battle   - Spanish PM as authorities say at least 34 nationalities among dead &amp; injured in attacks https:… 
A minute's silence is observed in  Barcelona to remember victims of Thursday's attacks
BARCELONA SUSPECT:
Spanish police 'stop second attack'  Spain  Europe  ISIS  StopTerror  ToHellWithISIS  NextWorldWar?  UnderAttack   
Barcelona: Van rams crowds in Ramblas tourist area  StopTerror  ToHellWithISIS  IslamicState  AlQueda  Terrorism   
Van Hits Pedestrians in Barcelona, Killing at Least One in Terror Attack - NY Times  StopTerror  ToHellWithISIS    
Car driven deliberately into pizzeria in France, killing child, 8, and injuring several others, French TV repo s   
WeAreOnePeopleAndOneNation  MayGodHelpUsAll. The United States of America =  UsAllTogether!  StopHate on all sides!
UkrainianConnection to  NOKO  MissleProgram. Read the  NYTimesA icle.  WeMustBeSma   RussiaIsNotTheEnemy!  NOKO &amp;  IslamicTerror are!
Too much in the news. I condem  Nazis and the  Klan. Four of my cousins died fighting  Nazis in WW2. I believe in the good in humanity
RIP Lt Cullen &amp; Pilot Bates who gave their lives protecting  Charolettesville protesters on all sides yesterday  IStan…

No h Korea’s Missile Success Is Linked to Ukrainian Plant - NYTimes  ThankYou  StabInTheBack  WorldWar3?  OnEdge   
Burkina Faso terror attack kills 20, government says  StopTerror  StopAlQaeda  StopISIS  Africa  TooManyHaveDied    
NGOs halt migrant rescue operations, citing Libya 'threat' - CNN  MigrantCrisis  Libya  Europe   
FBI Says ISIS Used eBay to Send Terror Cash to U.S. - The Wall Street Journal  StopTerror  StopISIS
Praying for all those hu ing in Charlottesville. May God comfo  and strengthen all of you as you carry on in love, to… 
Our country encourages freedom of speech, but let's communicate w/o hate in our hea s. No good comes from violence.  Charlotte… 
5  ISIS members, media person incl. killed by car bomb explosion as a coalition airstrike targeted the car near Mina mosque s… 
ISIS and Taliban join forces for massacre in Afghanistan    StopTerror  AfghanWar  StopISIS  ToHellWithTheTaliban
Joint Taliban-ISIS Attack Kills Dozens, Afghan Officials Say   AfghanWar  StopTerror  StopISIS  StopTheTaliban    
BBC News - Minnesota mosque bombing 'act of terror'    StopTerror  StopHate  FightAgainstAllRadicals
9/11 victim identified 16 years on  StopTerrorism  StopHate  September11th  StopRadicalIslam  Closure?   
Syria war: 2,000 IS fighters still in Raqqa - US envoy  SyrianWar  StopTerror  ToHellWithISIS  LiberateRaqqa    
Iran is spreading its brand of  terror in  Afghanistan and they are talking to the  No hKoreans. Are these the seeds for WW3? StopEvil
Iran Gains Ground in Afghanistan as U.S. Presence Wanes  Iran  StopTerror  NextWorldWar  IranAndNo hKorea   
Iran Dominates in Iraq After U.S. ‘Handed the Country Over’, via    Iran  IraqWar  Influence  StopTerror    
Analysts are uncomfo able talking Al Qaeda in Syria because it was caused, to a great extent, by the rebel program. https:… 
Spain police bust huge Iran-UK immigration ring  EU  MigrantIssue  Uk  GB  Iran   
Europe migrant crisis: EU blamed for 'soaring' death toll So, it is now the EU's fault?  MigrantCrisis    
Migrant crisis: EU to curb rubber boat sales to Libya  MigrantCrisis  Europe  EU  NextWorldWar?  HowDoesThisEnd?  
Migrant crisis: 'Hipster right’ group trying to stop rescue ships  MigrantCrisis  Mediterranean  Italy  Crisis   
Migrant crisis: Libya strongman Haftar warns Italy over ships  Europe  Libya  MigrantCrisis  Italy  Showdown  Navy   
Al-Shabab fighters attack African Union convoy in southern Somalia  StopTerror  Somalia  StopJihad  NextWorldWar?  
BBC News - Hamburg supermarket attack leaves one dead    Stop Terror  Germany  Europe  NextWorldWar?  ToHellWothISIS
Kabul attack: Gun battle and suicide bombing in Afghan capital  StopTerror  IslamicState  AfghanWar  ToHellWithISIS   
Islam-inspired terrorists planned to blow up plane in Australia, PM says 
Kabul car bomb: Suicide attack in Afghan capital  AfghanWar  StopTerror  NewWorldWar?  
Syria war: Russia sends police to southern 'safe zones'  SyrianWar  StopTerror  SafeZones   
Israeli embassy staff home after Amman assault  StopTerror  NewWorldWar  Israel  MiddleEast   
EGYPT
StopISIS via    persecution  
Here is your oppo unity to send a message to Mayor Barry about her plans to destroy an impo ant pa  of...  
Egypt attacks: 2 German female tourists, 5 policemen killed - ABC News -   via    StopTerror  StopJihad  WorldAtWar 
Mosul defeat a blow to IS, but not the end  StopTerror  EndJihad  StopISIS  WorldAtWar  IraqWar  IslamicState   
Canada police issue warrant for imam for 'anti-Semitic hate speech'  StopHate  StopTerror  EndJihad  WorldAtWar   
Jordan soldier who killed US trainers jailed for life  StopTerror  Justice  StopIslamicState  EndJihad  WorldAtWar  
Another infiltrator exposed to the light of day.  
Syria crisis: US, Russia and Jordan agree ceasefire deal  StopISIS  StopJihad  SyrianWar  USA  Russia  Ceasefire    
Raqqa: Syrian capital of the IS 'caliphate'  SyrianWar  StopISIS  ToHellWithIslamicState  StopTerror  WorldWar?  
Egypt soldiers killed in attack on Sinai checkpoint  WarInEgypt  StopISIS  StopTerror  ToHellWithISIS  WorldWar?  
Migrant crisis: 'Hipster right’ group trying to stop rescue ships  Turmoil  Europe  Migrants  Culture  Economics   
Battle for Mosul: The story so far  ISIS  Mosul  IraqWar  StopTerror  ToHellWithISIS  StopISIS  
Grenades, ammunition stolen from Po ugues arms depot   via    Europe  StopTerror  ISIS  WarInEurope  Jihad 
U.S. prepared to hold joint operations with Russia in Syria, Tillerson says  SyrianWar  Russia  America  StopTerror    
Saudi Arabia has 'clear link' to UK extremism, repo  says  StopTerror  Jihad  RadicalIslam  FundingTerror  ISIS   
'Al Shabab' militants in day-long battle with Kenyan forces  AlShabab  StopTerror  WorldAtWar  Africa  Jihad  Kenya   
Man charged with plotting to kill French president  WarInEurope  StopAllTerror  France  ExtremeRightPushingWar   
Paris mosque: Man held after 'trying to ram crowd with vehicle'  WarInEurope  StopTerror  France  Revenge   
Aftermath of Paris mosque 'attack'  WarInEurope  StopTerror  RevengeAttack  WhatISISWants  ToHellWithISIS  
Syria conflict: Damascus bomber strikes after car chase  ISIS  SyrianWar  StopJihad  StopTerrorism  ToHellWithISIS   
Bloodied and broken: Rising toll of Philippines' war with ISIS  
Former Abu Sayyaf fighter warns worse to come in the Philippines  
It amazes me that   is reviewing the issue and has set parameters for the new travel restricti…  
Despite legislation and fighting a war to  endslavery, it is alive and well! Horrific  45MillionEnslaved!!! 
Wow, someone on the left who understands it is a temporary restric…   
Unlike the 9th Circuit,  SCOTUS actually understands the law!  AGreatDayForAmerica! 
SCOTUS upholds temporary travel ban. I guess the 9th circuit activism is wrong again???  maga
Hard to believe this is London again last night, looks like Israel. 
ISIS Fighter Arrested in German Suicide Plot Claims to be Turkish Spy Who Stopped U.S. Consulate Attack - Newsweek   
BBC News - Saudis 'foil suicide attack' on Mecca's Grand Mosque    ToHellWithISIS  StopTerrorism  IslamicState
Flint airpo  attack: Michigan officer stabbed in 'act of terrorism,' FBI says  via the   app  StopISIS    
Brussels bomb suspect was Moroccan and 'known to police'  Europe  Belgium  ToHellWithISIS  StopTerrorism  
Battle for Mosul: IS 'blows up' al-Nuri mosque  ToHellWithISIS  IraqWar  Mosul  StopTerrorism  DestroyedHistory   
How Trump might break Afghan stalemate  AfghanWar  BreakTheStalemate  ToHellWithTheTaliban  StopTerror  
Suspected suicide bomber shot at Brussels railway station  Europe  StopTerrorism  ISIS?  ToHellWithISIS  Belgium   
1)  ISIS threat in  Afghanistan continues to grow, now claiming control of 7 National Army checkpoints in the no h 
ChampsElysees,  Paris attack seeming more &amp;more like an  ISIS/ ISIS-inspired attack, given targets, use of vehicle, repo e… 
Police operation under way in Paris around the Champs-Elysees amid repo s of a car on fire  
It was truly a pleasure meeting with President   today. France will always have a friend and pa ner in J…
Russia warns it will treat US-led coalition jets as targets after US downed Syrian plane - ABC News  WorkdWar3??  
Hatred and evil of this kind will never succeed   - Theresa May responds to  FinsburyPark attack 
CivilWarInEurope  RevengeAttack! Is this the beginning?
RevengeAttack  LondonMosque plays into the hands of  ISIS.   This is pa  of  ISIS strategy to tear the  WestApa .
Thoughts go out to all those involved!!  scaryworldwelivein  londonmosqueattack  thoughtsandprayers  
Is the  LondonMosqueAttack beginning of  CivilWar in  Europe?  MinisterCalvar said this would happen!
MinisterCalvar said  Europe is on brink of  CivilWar last June.  LondonAttack looks like  RevengeAttack.  IsThisCivilWar?  GB  Britain
Likely a  RevengeAttack! Feeds into what  ISIS wants.
We do not know who perpetrated the act yet. Neve heless, the attackers are   terrorists.…   
LATEST on  SevenSisters Road  FinsburyPark incident. One person has died. Counter Terrorism Command investigating. https:/…
One dead and eight hu  in London mosque van attack, which is being investigated by counter-terror police   
Event occurred in  London. Is it  revenge? Is it ISIS?  RadicalIslam?  RamadanAttack  Sickening either way!  StopTerror  PrayForVictims!
Finsbury Park Mosque: 'Several hu ' as van hits pedestrians
Mali tourist reso  'under attack'  IslamicState  StopTerror  StopRadicalIslam  ToHellWithISIS  Africa  StopHate   
Israeli policewoman stabbed to death in Jerusalem  
TheRussians mY have killed the leader of  IslamicState.  i hope this is true! If so, I say  GoodRiddance to this  EvilMonster  StopTerror 
US-backed forces face fierce battle for Raqqa  StopTerror  StopJihad  ToHellWithISIS  SyrianWar  TheKurds   
Islamic State leader Baghdadi 'may have been killed by Russia  StopTerror  GB  StopJihad  DeathToISIS   
Man held by police outside Parliament  StopTerror  GB  London  Europe  StopJihad  ToHellWithISIS   
Geez, I wish I had been banging my head saying that for the past few years before it became popular to admit it. 
.  Glamorizing and normalizing political violence needs to be dialed back  Tucker  
ISIS  sleepercells are in almost every province of Indonesia, military chief says 
Really?? Who uses this immoral banter? Are you advocating  CivilWar? We are one nation, and one people.  NoToCivilWar 
I was a lifelong democrat and voted for President Obama twice. Your statement is ridiculous.…  
14 dead, including foreigners, in Somalia attack    StopTerror  Terrorism  Somalia  Mogadishu  SuicideAttack 
ISIS drones are attacking U.S. troops and disrupting airstrikes in Raqqa, officials say  ToHellWithISIS  StopTerror    
Long Before It Lost Turf, ISIS Was Already Targeting Britain, via    ToHellWithISIS  StopTerror  Europe  GB   
U.S. Cyberweapons, Used Against Iran and No h Korea, Are a Disappointment Against ISIS, via    StopTerror    
Preschool assistant is the 1st woman ever detained for radicalization in Singapore - CNN  ToHellWithISIS  StopTerror  
We are appealing for witnesses with any information about the terror attacks at  LondonBridge and  BoroughMarket to come f…
Car crashes into pedestrians outside Amsterdam train station  ToHellWithISIS  Europe  StopTerror  DefeatRadicalIslam  
Marawi siege: US special forces aiding Philippine army  ToHellWithISIS  StopTerror  DefeatRadicalIslam  
Afghanistan: US soldiers 'killed by commando' in Achin district  Taliban  AfghanWar  StopTerror  DefeatRadicalIslam  
Raqqa: US-backed forces advance in IS 'capital'  ToHellWithISIS  SyrianWar  StopTerror  DefeatRadicalIslam  
We must no longer turn a blind eye to Islamic extremism but root out radicals who hate the West  
London attack: The victims  ToHellWithISIS  StopTerror  IslamicState  Europe  LondonAttacks  GB  
Tehran attackers 'were IS recruits from Iran'  Iran  TerrorAttack  ISIS  StopTerror  ToHellWithISIS  
Typical when muslims reach 10% of population
Melbourne siege a 'terrorist incident'  ToHellWithISIS  Australia  TerrorAttack  IslamicState  StopTerror    EsHK0A
Raqqa: Syrian Kurdish-led forces launch offensive on IS 'capital'  ToHellWithISIS  StopTerror  SyrianWar  
Kabul blast: Afghan leader says bomb toll passes 150  ISIS  AfghanWar  AlQaeda  StopTerror  ToHellWithISIS  
Theresa May: Human rights laws could change for terror fight  StopTerror  ISIS  ToHellWithISIS  GB  England  Europe  
Notre Dame attacker shouted   this is for Syria   during assault on police officer, French interior minister says   
hurOtkeKeim Yes sir! Someone who actually reads!
hurOtkeKeim I hope you never teach my child. You really are a ta…  
hurOtkeKeim Please review the Declaration, it refers to us as the   United State…   
At that point, the fight was no longer a civil war. Please see my a icle   Foreign…   
I was a history major and I have a JD. You are wrong, the Declaration created the n…   
The A icles of Confederation was the first governing document, and the adoption of…   
That is what you believe? The Treaty of Paris ended the war. The adoption of the Declaration of Inde…  
ISIS claims London terror attacks that killed 7; police arrest 12 in raids via the  ISISClaimsResponsibility   
Paris pays tribute to victims   via    ToHellWithISIS  StopTerror  ThisIsWar! We must fight the  IslamicState
Mosul battle: 'Dozens of civilians killed' fleeing IS-held district  ToHellWithISIS  StopTerror  IraqWar  Mosul  
Brandenburg Gate lights up in solidarity   via    StopTerror  ToHellWithISIS  Europe  London  GB
I would love to believe that. Had the  Allies just used love, the  NaziGerman sta…   
Thank you! I am a Christian male, am I a problem? Also, what about the  RadicalMuslim women that attac…   
These 22 gorgeous people were taken too soon, we will never forget them. Spread your wings and fly 💕🐝  OneLoveManchester xx… 
We Need To Be Sweeping These People Off Our Streets   my comments on   this morning.    
I truly believe there are good people who are adherents to  Islam. The real problem is with these…  
My son is 15, and I cannot even begin to imagine. We must stop terror and bring an end to the  IslamicState. 
That is the real news. It breaks my hea !
homasPaul Absolutely!  IslamicState is the  realthreat.  ThisIsWar! We focus on things that do…  
Metropolitan Police Commissioner Cressida Dick pays tribute to the emergency services following the London Bridge attack  
SusanRice says   We can't blame  Muslims and  Islam for these tragedies, it stigmatizes them unfairly.   Really? Thank God… 
To the   - Action. Not Words.  LondonBridge  boroughmarket  
Christians are being burned alive and crucified in the  MiddleEast. We cannot be silent. FOLLOW as we fight to protect the persec…
MP Roche saw her job as forcing Britons   to see the benefit of a multicultural society. SEEING THE… 
ToHellWithISIS! We must stop  RadicalIslamicTerrorism! This is not criminal activity,  ThisIsWar!…   
21 people injured in the  LondonAttacks are in a critical condition - NHS England
I do not disagree.  ISIS has made it clear that they want to destroy the West. The borders…  
Actually not, it really comes down to zealots who believe in a bastardized form of…   
Six people killed and three suspects shot dead after attack on London Bridge and in Borough, police say   
: London: Police are unable to confirm that all the   terrorists   have been accounted for. 20 patients have been taken to… 
Tonight Katy Perry's suggestion for fighting terrorism has been answered with a resounding no.  LondonBridge   https:/…
Let us condem these madmen as they are beasts who follow a bastardized version of Islam!  ToHellWithISIS
You are correct sir, this is all out war! 
At least 20 people taken to hospital - ambulance   via    TerrorAttack  London  Europe  LatestNews
At least 20 London attack patients in hospital: ambulance service
My statement on the cowardly terrorist attack in London tonight:  
In all seriousness, these are evil people who believe they are caught in a war of cultures. They follow…   
However, these are people who follow a bastardized version of their religion. 
You are right, it must be the  AmishTerrorists 
DRUDGE REPO :
6)Pro- ISIS channels continue to celebrate  LondonAttack as  the black days we've promised  ,the wolves have awakened  respondi… 
Vauxhall incident not connected to London Bridge and Borough Market   via   This incident was an actual  crime!
Eyewitness: 'Her throat had been cut'   via    ThisIsWar  ToHellWithISIS!
At 0025hrs 4/6/17 the incidents at  LondonBridge &amp;  BoroughMarket were declared as terrorist incidents.
Witness on   says, one of the  LondonBridge attackers shouted,   This is for Allah   before the BBC interviewer cut h… 
Will be discussing  London attacks on NBC-Boston sho ly.
And the beat goes on ...  
I think all of has known since the beginning that this is  terrorism!  ToHellWithISIS!  ThisIsWar!
'Potential act of terrorism' - Theresa May   via  
UPDATE
Dramatic footage shows police storming bar at  LondonBridge after security incident. Latest:    
This is a reminder of the ongoing threat the U.K. faces,   Natl. Sec. Analyst   on London incident   
siteintelgroup Rita_Katz: 4)  ISIS remarked in its latest official Naba mag (June1) that anot…
When does the  WorldWakeUp?  StopTerror  ToHellWithISIS!  WarOfCultures  Europe  Britain  GB  London
This is a  WorldWar. We must  FightTerror!  StopISIS  ToHellWithISIS!  ISIS states they are at war with our culture and  WesternDemocracy!
Philippines  Marawi -  IS released pictures (taken about 3 weeks ago) of their members' training, before going to Marawi… 
• British Secret Service Foreign Intelligence Agency - MI6 - located South of the River by Vauxhall Bridge.  
Novotel next to London Bridge evacuated after alarm went off and staff banged on guest doors telling them to get out. No…
What we know so far about incidents at  LondonBridge,  BoroughMarket and  Vauxhall 
Tweets from  ISIS site warning 'we will continue to terrorise you and ruin your lives.'  LondonBridge  
Incidents have been repo ed in 3 different locations in London. It is unclear if they are related.  
We are closely following repo s of a 3rd incident in London
You are absolutely right. This material is from their propaganda magazines.  Dabiq and…  
2)No claim reg  LondonBridge, but  ISIS accounts are celebrating the attack similar to after  manchesterattack: Publishing i… 
UK  London - Sky news Repo s 1 arrest in  Vauxhall, with police clearing the area. 
Key Note: DO NOT turn your back and 'run'. Keep your eyes on the individual of interest and retreat moving from cover to c…
More than one dead at London Bridge, police say, amid repo s of stabbings in Borough and incident in Vauxhall   
I would say Radical Islam is what is wrong with the world. This is a war of cultures. The…  
Casualties after London Bridge 'knife and van incident' Is this the price of living in London?  ToHellWithISIS!  
Officers have then responded to repo s of stabbings in  BoroughMarket. Armed officers responded and shots have been fired…
Officers are now responding to an incident in the  Vauxhall area. 3/3
Londonbridge  boroughmarket  vauxhall  
Police in London confirm shots have been fired when they respsonded to the stabbings at Borough Market. They're also res…
MORE: At least three armed terrorists on the run in London.
•10.30pm: White Van swerved hitting crowd on London Bridge, hdg south injuring 5+. 
Eyewitness on London Bridge:   It looked to me that the van was aiming at the people.   
Witness: Van mows down pedestrians on London Bridge leaving bodies lying in the road    
WarInEurope  WWIII  NoFutureForOurChildren 😠😢  
Is this the price of living in London?  ToHellWithISIS!  TheWorldMustFight  ThisIsWar!
Security was heightened all over the country   after attack in Manchester,   but it had been scaled back just last week,    … 
Terror? Again? That travel ban can't come soon enough. Still not convinced 9th Circuit?
Police to   Second incident ongoing at Borough Market in London.  
Is this the price of living in  London or any city in  Europe?  ThisIsWar!  ToHellWithISIS! Thank you for repo ing.
Additional   repo s   shots fired.. and   repo s   of stabbings.. all unconfirmed at this moment.   for the latest in… 
'Van hits pedestrians' on London Bridge  
Is this the price of living in London?  ToHellWithISIS!  ThisIsWar,  GetAClue!   
SickOfTerror! How many more innocent people must be injured or die.  ToHellWithISIS. This is not the price of living in a city, it is war! 
The hell with  ISIS.  TerrorAttacks are not normal. This is never acceptable.  DeathToISIS  StopISIS  StopTerror
We are aware of repo s on social media. We will release facts when we can - our info must be accurate  LondonBridge

Very worrying repo s of horrific incident, possible terror attack, on London Bridge. 
What is wrong with the 🌎? 'Van hits pedestrians' on  London Bridge in suspected terror attack  
Another cab driver: man crashed into people then there was stabbing attack. London Bridge.
London Bridge. Seems clearer now this is aftermath of terrorist attack. Possibly ongoing.  
It seemed south side of London Bridge epicentre of what seems a terrorist attack. We have been esco ed by police from brid…
Kabul blast: Deadly explosions at protest victim's funeral  AfghanWar  TerrorAttack  StopTerror  ISIS  AlQuaeda   
German police arrest 17-year-old Syrian suspected of planning suicide attack in Berlin  
JohnMcCain says Putin is a greater threat than ISIS.   McCainDumbestMemberoftheSenate
Police in Germany 'foil asylum seeker suicide attack'  StopTerror  ISIS  IslamicState  TerroristScum  Europe  
Yemen facing 'total collapse' as fighting continues, UN warns  WarInYemen  Terror  ISIS  OutOfControl  Suffering    
Kabul blast: Dozens of casualties in Afghan capital  StopTerror  ISIS  IslamicState?  TerroristScum  AfghanWar   
Baghdad bomb blast leaves 13 people dead, 24 others hu  via the   app  ISIS  IraqWar   
John F Kennedy's life and legacy remembered on 35th president's 100th bi hday via the   app  JFK100   
Philippine army 'makes gains' in Marawi Islamist battle  ISIS  MauteGroup  StopTerror  IslamicState  Philippines   
Somalia's al-Shabab stones man to death for adultery  AlShabab  Terrorism  Terror  StopTerror  
Take time to honor the brave men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice to protect our nation &amp; the freedoms we enjoy…
Why would anyone with an ounce of common sense allow foreign fighters to return and cause Manchester disasters?  tcot  c…
General election 2017: Corbyn pledges change 'at home and abroad' to tackle terror  Appeasement  Chamberlain    
Egypt Coptic Christians killed in bus attack  Genocide  StopTerror  ISIS  IslamicState  Egypt  DeathToISIS   
BBCnews a icle early 5/23 stated  British  LawEnforcement have been arresting at least  one  terror  suspect a day for the past 2 months
Morrissey  Manchester  Radicalized  Islamic  Extremists  StopISIS  ThisIsWar  TheHellWithISIS  TerroristScum  
Newspaper headlines: 'Young lives stolen by terror'  TerrorInEurope  GB  UK  ISIS  DeathToISIS   
Terror threat level raised after Manchester attack This is not the  NewNormal  StopISIS  StopTerror  
Stansted Airpo  terror police arrest man, 37  TerrorInEurope  Terrorism  DeathToISIS  StopISIS  WarOnTerror    
Senator Black -- I wholehea edly agree, this individual is an ignorant at best, or a cold-hea ed &amp; self absorbed moron. 
What repo er thinks the death of 19+ people at the hands of terrorists is funny??   ManchesterArena  ManchesterBombin…
ISISPropaganda  Rumiyah  StopTerror  IslamicState tells its followers to attack conce  halls at exits.  Europe  
I'm praying for the victims of the Manchester attack, and I'm praying we do something about this  PrayForManchester 
This is NOT ok,  . What's wrong with you? Joking about innocent children dying?! Disgusting.  , you ar… 
NOTE: Manchester explosion happens on 4th anniversary of the public murder of Fusilier Lee Rigby.
CLOSE CALL WITH DEATH Witness describes being '30 seconds' from tragedy via the   app  PrayForManchester  IS  
DEADLY UK CONCE  EXPLOSION 19 dead, 59 injured in terrorist incident   app  DeathToISIS  StopTerror  Uk  GB   
UPDATE: 19 people confirmed dead, around 50 injured in Manchester terror attack, U.K. police say   https… 
The courage to PREVENT Islamic slaughter &gt; Altruism *after* jihad attacks.  
Devastating to learn of news in UK. My thoughts are with all those affected by the explosion in Manchester tonight. ht…
At least 19 people dead following ‘terrorist incident’ at Ariana Grande conce  in Manchester  AttackInEurope  ISIS  
Manchester Arena blast: 19 dead and about 50 hu   ISIS  TerrorInEurope  StopTerror  DeatToISIS  SickScum  England   
Manchester Arena: Dashcam 'captures moment of blast'  Mancheste error  ISIS  IslamicState  StopTerror  SuicideBomb   
Manchester Arena incident: Eyewitness describes 'explosion'  TerrorInEurope  ISIS  StopTerror  IslamicState  Sick  
Afghan Taliban announce spring offensive  TalibanScum  EndRadicalIslamicTerror  AfghanWar  StopTheTaliban   
Kabul bomb attack targeting Nato convoy kills eight  DeathToISIS  EndRadicalTerror  IslamicState  AfghanWar   
Inside the Iraqi Christian ghost town  IslamicState  DeathToISIS  EndTerrorism  RadicalTerrorism  
Mosul battle: Iraqis open up new front to retake city from IS  IraqWar  DeathToISIS  EndTerrorism   
TheFutureOfFrance is the  FutureOfEurope.  SaveEurope and  SaveChristianity. Stop  IslamicState.  ViveLaFrance!
Outsider Macron sets sights on presidency The  FutureOfFrance is the  FutureOfEurope  EndTerror  CloseTheBoarders   
Mazar-e Sharif attack: Afghanistan mourns deadly Taliban assault  AfghanWar  EndTerror  DeathToTheTaliban  Scum  
Afghan casualties in Taliban Mazar-e Sharif attack pass 100  ItNeverEnds  EndTerror  DeathTheTaliban  AfghanWar    
MOAB strike: 90 IS fighters killed in Afghanistan  EndTerror  DeathToISIS  IslamicState
The  FrenchElection is around the corner!  ISIS  Terror  ItJustNeverEnds!  Europe must wake up and  StopTerrorism!  DeathToISIS
Paris gunman who killed police officer known to security forces, source says  EndTerror  DeathToISIS  France  Europe   
Policeman and suspected gunman shot dead in Paris  ItNeverEnds  EndTerror  DeathToISIS  IslamicState  France  Europe  
Trump on Paris shooting: 'It just never ends'  ItNeverEnds  EndTerror  DeathToISIS  IslamicState  France  Europe  
Double threat? ISIS and Al Qaeda are in talks to join forces, Iraq's VP says via the   app  EndTerror    
Fresno shooting rampage: 3 people killed, suspect yelled 'Allahu Akbar,' made posts against white people  EndTerror    
Deadly attack near Egypt's old monastery  IslamicState  EndTerror  Terrorism  DeathToISIS A sad state of affairs!  
Is West ready for new deal with Russia?  Russia  UnitedStates  Europe  Alliance  Stronge ogether   
Do mund explosions: 'Islamist' suspect held over team bus attack  IslamicState  Europe  Germany  EndTerror  
Birmingham anti-terror police grab suspects from car  islamicTerrorism  Europe  GreatBritain  England  ISIS   
Russia arrests six 'IS recruiters' in St Petersburg  DeathToISIS  Russia  IslamicState  Terror  Europe  EndTerrorism  
There is an ongoing  ClashOfCultures in  Europe. Some want  theocracies and others to maintain  freedom. It seems that a  WarIsInevitable.
Stockholm lorry attack: Eyewitnesses recount 'sheer panic'  ClasOfCultures  Europe  Norway  Terror  WarInEurope   
Austria to ban full-face veil in public places  Europe  ClashOfCultures  Values  SecularStates  WhoWins?   
Row after Norway Muslim group appoints spokeswoman in full-face veil  Europe  Norway  ClashOfCultures  
Oslo police destroy 'bomb-like device'  Norway  Terror  IslamicState  WarAgainstISIS  DeathToISIS  IslamicStateScum   
Egypt's Coptic churches hit by deadly blasts on Palm Sunday  Egypt  WaronChristians  DeathToISIS  EndTerror   
Norway police find 'bomb-like' device, arrest suspect via the   app  TerrorInEurope  Norway  DeathToISIS    
IS in Afghanistan: US special forces soldier is killed  DeatToISIS  IslamicStateScum  AfghanWar  StopTerror   
Stockholm attack: 'Suspect device' in Sweden crash lorry  Terror  Sweden  Europe  DeathToISIS  StopTerror   
From Eta to Stockholm: Is terror more of a threat to Europe than before?  TerrorismInEurope  Jihad  ThreatToEurope   
The inflammatory telegram that pushed the US into World War 1  100YearsAgo  AmericaEntersTheWar   WWICentennial   
We will be fighting a  WarAgainstISIS and we must win! We still need to pa ner with  Russia.    
I am saddened by the chemical attack in Syria!  AssadMustGo! Let us suppo  those who want peace, those who want to end terror and end war! 
The  AssadRegime has gone beyond the pale. I believed we could work with Russia to tame Assad, this is no longer the case!   
ISIS executes 33 in Syria, its largest mass killing of 2017   
Peter Taylor: How has terror changed in 50 years?  ALookAtTerror  Terrorism  ParadigmShift  
Syria war: US launches missile strikes in response to chemical 'attack'  USNavy  StopTerror  AssadMustGo  
Syria 'chemical attack': What can forensics tell us?  SryianCivilWar  SadDay  WarCrimes  StopTerror   
Iraqi civilians killed as IS militants attack Tikrit  DeathToISIS  Terrorism  StopTerror  IraqWar  IslamicState  
St Petersburg metro bombing 'possibly a suicide attack'  StopTerror  DeathToISIS  Europe  Russia  IslamicState  
Bangladesh stand-off comes to deadly end with 'militant' blast  Asia  EndTerror  DeathToISIS  IslamicState  Terror   
Islamic State leaves trail of destruction in Syria's Palmyra  SyrianWar  DeathToISIS  Terrorism  IslamicStateScum   
Freed from IS tyranny, Mosul Sunnis fear for the future  IraqWar  IslamicStateScum  Terrorism  EndTerror   
Baghdad checkpoint hit by deadly car bomb attack  IraqWar  Terrorism  DeathToISIS  StopTerror  IslamicState  
Italian police in Venice arrest three Jihadists  StopTerror  EndTerror  DeathToISIS  TerroristScum  Italy  Europe   
US beefs up muscle in Somalia fight  WarOnTerror  StopTerrorism  Somalia  AmericanForces  EndISIS  DeathToISIS    
StopIslamicTerrorism! When will the West wake up and realize this is a  WarOfCultures!  London  Terror  IslamicState To hell with  Jihad!
.  “This is just one more tragic piece of evidence of how very real the threat is to America and to her allies.”  Han…
.  “Sadly, today’s attack in  London is all too familiar for the people of Europe.”  Hannity   
We must stop this  terror in Europe and throughout the world. It is ridiculous for the us to cow-tow to  Radical  IslamicTerrorism!!
London attack: Four dead in Westminster terror incident  TerrorInEurope  London  ISIS  WorldWar3  StopTerror  
He will get a taste of a serving reserved exclusively for him.  
Merkel tells Turkey's Erdogan to stop Nazi taunts  TurkeyInTransition  LessFreedom  AbhorrentComments  TrueColors   
France election: Leading candidates clash over burkini in TV debate  Culture  France  Europe  Islam  FrenchElection   
Orly airpo : Attacker phoned father to say 'I screwed up'  StopTerror  DefeatISIS  Europe  TerrorInFrance   
Orly airpo  attack: CCTV shows moment soldier grabbed  OrlyAirpo   Terror  France  TerrorInEurope  StopTerror  
Yemen migrant boat attack kills at least 42  WarInYemen  CivilWar  StopTerror  Unacceptable   
Iraq car bomb kills 20 in south-west Baghdad  IraqWar  Terrorism  ISIS  StopTerror  Unacceptable   
Syria conflict: Deadly attack on Damascus cou  complex  SyrianWar  Terrorism  Damascus  SadDay  StopTerror   
RefugeeCrisis  EuropeOnTheBrink  NetherlandsElection  Gee Wilders  MarineLePen What will these elections hold for the future of Europe?
What will become of Europe? Minister Calvar of Internal Security in France believes Europe is on the brink of civil war. Is war a ce ainty?
Armed vigilantes hunt migrants on the edge of Europe   via    EuropeOnTheBrink  RefugeeCrisis IsWarComing?
Kabul hospital attack leaves 30 dead  ISIS  WarOnTerror  AfghanistanWar
Iraq: IS suicide bombers kill 26 at Tikrit wedding pa y  ISIS  Terrorism  Evil  WarOnTerror The world must stop IS!  
Germany axe attack: Seven injured at Duesseldorf train station  Europe  Terrorism?  Germany  ISIS?  
Amal Clooney urges UN to back Islamic State probe  WarOnTerror  IslamicState  Genocide  Atrocities  PureEvil   
GoMarines Marines have arrived in Syria to fire a illery in the fight for Raqqa  FightISIS  WarOnTerror  SemperFi  
ThankYouAmalClooney: 'Yazidis in Iraq are IS genocide victims'  Finally  Justice  Genocide  ISIS  Terrorism   
The Yazidi kidnapped by IS: 'I had to pretend to be a Muslim to survive'  StopTerror  ISIS  Terrorism  IraqWar   
Mosul battle: Troops retake main government office  IraqWar  Mosul  ISIS  IslamicState  StopTerror  
Syria: Twin attacks on Homs security bases kill dozens  Terrorism  Syria  TahriralSham  senseless  WarOnTerror  
UK terror threat 'at highest since 1970s IRA plots'  Europe  IslamicState  Terrorism The new norm!  
Germany hate crime: Nearly 10 attacks a day on migrants in 2016 Trouble in Europe. Tensions, anger and questions.    
Pakistan: IS attack on Sufi shrine in Sindh kills dozens  IslamicState  ISIS  Terrorism  Pakistan  
Pakistan 'kills 100 militants' after Sufi shrine attack  Terror  Terrorism Will Pakistan weather the storm?  
Pakistan's bloody week: Who is really to blame?  Terrorism  WarOnTerror How many more people must die?   
Baghdad car bomb kills at least 48  IslamicState  ISIS  WarOnTerror  Terrorism  StopTerror We must fight!  
New York bomb plot mastermind Omar Abdel Rahman dies in prison  WarOnTerror  TwinTowers  FirstAttack   
Mosul assault: Iraq troops make headway against IS  Mosul  IslamicState  ISIS  WarOnTerror  WarInIraq  Iraq  
Car bomb in Somalia leaves at least 30 dead  AlShabaab  Terrorism  Terror  WarOnTerror  Somalia  
We will have won when the black flag of jihad is as repugnant as the white hood of the Ku Klux Klan &amp; swastika.” 
Taliban claim responsibility for deadly Afghan blast  Taliban  Terrorism  WarOnTerror  AfghanWar  
IslamicState recruiting the  NextGenerationOfTerrorists  WarOnTerror. We must stop  ISIS before we face a larger problem.
They’re young and lonely. The Islamic State thinks they’ll make perfect terrorists.  
Germany arrests suspected member of Afghanistan's Taliban via the   app  Taliban  Germany  Arrest  StopTerror  
6 Red Cross workers killed in Afghanistan  Terrorism  Terror  ISIS?  Taliban?  StopTerror  WarOnTerror
US says it killed 11 al-Qaeda operatives in Syria air strikes  WarOnTerror  StopTerrorism  AlQaeda  ProudUSMilitary   
Will we defeat terrorism? Is Europe on a path to war?  WarOnTerror  StopISIS! Let us make choices that will enable us to stop terror
Louvre attack: Egyptian man, 29, believed to be assailant  WarOnTerror  Terrorism  France  Attack  MustStopTerror   
Yemen al-Qaeda: US commandos raid stronghold  WarAgainstTerror  alQuaeda  SpecialOperations  WarOnTerror  USMilitary  
Netanyahu: Iran missile test must not go unanswered  AThreatFromIran  AreWeSafe  WhereDoesItEnd   
Yemen conflict: Rebels in deadly attack on Saudi warship  WarInYemen  SuicideMission  Terror  SaudiArabia   
Briton Ryan Lock 'killed himself' to avoid IS capture WarAgainstTerror  RestInPeace  StopISIS  
Somali hotel bomb attack 'kills 28', say ambulance staff  28Dead  WarAgainstTerror  Somalia  AlShabaab   
Islamists lose Benghazi district to Haftar's forces  WarAgainstTerror  Islamists  Jihad  Libya   
German girl jailed for IS attack in Hanover  WarAgainstTerror  Radicals  IslamicState  Germany  Europe  Justice  
Shouldn't we be  protesting against  IslamicState they have committed numerous atrocities against women, children, minorities and men! 
Syria: IS destroys pa  of Palmyra's Roman Theatre  StopTerror  IslamicState We must fight!  
Syria conflict: US says Idlib strike kills 100 al-Qaeda fighters  StopTerror The long arm of the US military!  
Islamic State conflict: US strikes in Libya 'kill 80 rebels'  StopIS  IslamicState  Terrorists We have to stop ISIS  
Pentagon readies aggressive ISIS proposals for Trump  WarOnTerror  IslamicState  StopTerror  IS  
Fo  Lauderdale shooter says he carried out attack for ISIS, FBI claims  ISIS  IslamicState  IS  Florida  StopTerror   
Yemen conflict: At least 10,000 killed, says UN  WarInYemen  TerribleToll  Terror  CivilWar   
Egypt police killed in attack on dese  checkpoint  Egypt  IslamicState  IS  Terror  StopTerror  
Syria conflict: IS assault halts Deir al-Zour aid drops  IslamicState  SryianCivilWar  IS  Terror  
I am Superman - REM
Mosul battle: Iraq forces 'retake' university from IS  Iraq  Mosul  FightAgainstISIS  Hope  War  Terror  
Mosul battle: Iraqi government forces reach Tigris river  IraqWar  Progress!!  IslamicState  Mosul  EndTerrorism   
Jerusalem lorry attack: Four Israelis soldiers killed  Terrorism  IslamicState  Israel  WarOnTerror  Pray  
IS conflict: Iraq car bomb kills 11 in Baghdad  IraqWar  Terrorism  IS  IslamicState They must be stopped!  
Syria conflict: Bomb kills dozens in Azaz on Turkish border  Syria  ISIS  Terrorism  Terror  PrayForSyria Horrible!  
At least 5 dead, 8 hospitalized after shooting at Ft. Lauderdale airpo  via the   app  AttackOnUSA  ISIS?   
Five people killed in shooting at Fo  Lauderdale airpo , suspect in custody  Terrorism  Evil  PrayForVictims    
Fo  Lauderdale airpo  shooting: Five people shot dead by Florida gunman  Terrorism  ISISFollower? Which group?  
How dangerous is Turkey's instability? A serious question with significant implications in our world!  Terror  
Turkey car bomb and gun attack on cou house in Izmir  Terrorism  Turkey  ISIS? Who is responsible?  
Bin Laden's son Hamza 'actively engaged' in terrorism  AlQaeda  Terrorist  Terrorism  TheWorldsWar  TheNextWaer  
A week on and    InnocentVictims Memorial still commemorates  CairoChurchBombing victims. Also praying for  Berli…
In three days of  TerrorAttacks  IS has killed 104  InnocentVictims and wounded about 150!  StopIslamicState!  TerrorMustEnd!
IS Suicide Bomber Kills 36 in Baghdad Market, via   IslamicStateIsSick  StopISIS  EndTerror  InnocentVictims    
ISIS Claims Responsibility for Istanbul Nightclub Attack, via    Enough!  EndTerror  innocentVictims    
Istanbul club attack: The aftermath in pictures  InnocentVictims  TheHorrorOfTerrorism! It is another sad day!   
Istanbul's Reina: A glamorous 'must-do' for all  HowManyMoreMustDie before the world  StopsISIS  BringAnEndToISIS   
Istanbul club attack: Eyewitnesses describe the horror  Terror at  Istanbul  nightclub  StopISIS  
Turkey nightclub attack: IS says it carried out shooting Of course it was  IslamicState  TerroristThugs!  StopISIS  
Migrants storm border fence in Spanish enclave of Ceuta  Europe  Spain  Migrants  Hope for good  
Iraq Baghdad: 28 dead as twin bombs rip through market  IraqWar  ISIS  AttackByIslamicState  Terror  Terrorism   
'Terrorists' freed in Bahrain prison raid  WorriesIn2017  Terrorism  Terror  War   
Nightclub attack: Manhunt after dozens killed in Istanbul  IS  IslamicState  Istanbul  Attack on  nonbelievers  
Just received the update. Horrible! At least 35 dead. Prayers for the victims.
35 killed and 40 wounded in New Year's attack on Istanbul night club via the   app  Terrorism  ISIS  Sick  
'Many wounded' in Istanbul nightclub attack  TerrorAttack  Istanbul  Turkey  ISIS Who is responsible for the attack?  
Russia plane crash: Attack not ruled out by investigators Still not sure of the cause of the crash  Terrorism?  
Iraqi Christians celebrate Christmas in Irbil Praying for peace and the defeat of ISIS  IraqWar  Terrorism  StopIS   
Berlin truck attack: Tunisian 'linked to Anis Amri' held  Terrorism  ISIS We must keep up the pressure against ISIS!  
Syria conflict: Russia-Turkey brokered truce comes into force SyrianCivilWar  Hope? Let us hope for peace!  
Mosul battle: Iraqi forces advance in fresh push  IraqWar  ISIS  StopTerror Let us continue our suppo  against ISIS  
no words  Devastated  
US issues Jordan travel warning after deadly attacks  Terror  Jordan  StopTerror  IslamicState   
Berlin market attack: Tunisia arrests suspect Amri's nephew  MoreSuspects  Terrorism  StpoTerror  IslamicState   
Boko Haram 'ousted from Sambisa forest bastion'  StopTerror  BokoHaram  Terrorism   
Anis Amri, Suspect in the Berlin Truck Attack: What We Know, via    ISIS  TerrorSuspect He must be caught!   
Aleppo girl Bana Alabed describes the night house was bombed  ThankfullyTheyAreSafe!  Sad  
Aleppo battle: Syrian city 'back under government control' Turning point in the  SyrianCivilWar?  PrayForAleppo   
Germany arrests two on terror charges  Terrorism  Europe  IslamicState We must stop radical terrorism!  
Melbourne Christmas Day 'terror attack' foiled, say Australia police  IslamicState  ISIS  Terror Sickening plot!   
Mosul battle: Triple car bomb attack kills 23 at market  Iraq  Mosul  ISIS  Terror  IslamicState Cowardly attack!  
IS conflict: 14 Turkish soldiers dead in worst day's loss yet  FightAgainstISIS  Turkey  Terror  IslamicState   
Berlin truck attack: Tunisian fugitive 'had been under surveillance'  OnTheRun  Terrorist  IslamicState  Evil   
Steve Cohen is right regarding an alliance w/Russia. I made that argument in my book! Islamic State: The Coming Storm
At least 12 dead as truck rams crowd in Berlin Christmas market  IslamicState  IS  Europe  Germany  Terror  
PFC Charles Kenneth Patterson KIA 20 December 1943 near Casele, Italy while clearing a minefield. Co. C, 120th Engi…   
Shooting near Islamic center in Zurich  WhatHappened  Terror  Europe   
Berlin, we have a problem  Europe  Germany  Politics Terror is the new norm.  IslamicState  IS  ISIS    
Russia's ambassador to Turkey assassinated in Ankara  TerrorAttack  MuslimBrotherhood  Terrorism  Russia  Turkey   
Aleppo evacuation: UN backs sending monitors  SryianCivilWar  Tragedy  Aleppo    
Berlin Breitscheidplatz: Lorry kills nine at Christmas market  Terror  Europe  IslamicState?  Germany  StopTerror   
Suicide bomber kills more than 50 in Yemen, ISIS claims responsibility  WeMustStopISIS  Terror  IslamicState    
IS suicide bomb kills 48 Yemen soldiers in payday queue  ISISAgain  Terror  Terrorism  IslamicState  Yemen   
Jordan attack: Canadian among 10 dead in Karak shooting  IslamicState?  Terror  Jordan Attempts to destabilize   
Aleppo battle: Rebels burn Syria evacuation buses  WhiDoesThis?  SyrianCivilWar  Terrorism  Militants?  
Somalia conflict: Deadly blast rocks Mogadishu po  area  WarOnTerror  Terrorism  TerrorMustStop  
Paris attacks: State of emergency 'to protect elections'  NewNormal  WarOnTerror  IslamicState  France  Europe  
Istanbul stadium attacks: Kurdish TAK group claim attacks  PKK  Terror  Terrorism  MustStop  
Czech MEP calls for  PKK  propaganda ban at the European Parliament  EP  
US drone strike kills French ISIS operative, Pentagon says   
3 Filipino soldiers killed, 17 injured in clash with militants via the   app  WarOnTerror    
Battle rages for Palmyra as Islamic State is poised to retake control  StopIslamicState they must be stopped!  
Turkey vows to avenge dozens slain in twin Istanbul bombings  PKK?  Senseless   
Palmyra: Fierce battle for ancient Syrian city  IslamicState will not stop they must be destroyed.   
StopGenocide against minorities in the  MiddleEast.  IndiscriminateKilling must be made to stop in a civilized world.  Sad state of affairs
IslamicState operators may have hit Cairo and other targets this weekend. This  war on  terror will be longer and bloodier than we think.
Bomb attack near Cairo Coptic cathedral kills at least 25  Terrorism  Egypt  Genocide Looks like IS hit Cairo   
Syria conflict: US to send troops to help seize Raqqa from IS  IslamicState  Terror  SyrianCivilWar  USForces   
Yemen suicide bomb kills dozens in payday queue  YemenCivilWar  Terror  Terrorism  WarOnTerror   
Istanbul Besiktas Turkey: Stadium blasts kill 29 people  Terror  Istanbul  Turkey  Terrorism IS or not??   
Will do. Let me know if you wish to have a copy of my book. Take care.
The lighting of the  Vatican  Christmas tree in St. Peter's Square.  Rome  Catholic  beauty  advent 📷Daniel…  
ISIS advances on Palmyra.  Within 2.5 miles of reconquering after killing 36 Syrian soldiers.  
Netherlands terror suspect arrested - CNN  TerrorInEurope  Arrest  Netherlands  ISIS  IS Attacks are coming!   
BBC News - IS group to step up attacks on Europe - Europol   A long fight in Europe is coming  TerrorWarning  IS
ISIS Remains Threat in Libya Despite Defeat in Su , U.S. Officials Say, via    IS IslamicState  Libya    
Terrorism most immediate threat to UK, says MI6  ThreatToEurope  IS  ISIS  Terror 
German refugee murder arrest in Freiburg heightens tensions  EuropeInCrisis  SadDeath  TerribleFate  RestInPeace   
Yemen conflict: What Saudis seek to achieve in messy war?  YemenCivilWar  SaudiArabia  GulfStates  
Islamic State 'has lost 50,000 fighters' over two years  ISIS  IS  IslamicState  Terror  Losses    
John Glenn, first American to orbit the Ea h, dies at 95  JohnGlenn  AmericanHero  Astronaut  RestInPeace    
ISIS hostage John Cantlie appears in propaganda video  JohnCantlie  IslamicState  IS  ISIS  Terror  
Iraqi Shia militias' show of force in battle for Mosul  WarInIraq  ShiaMilitias  Iraq  WarOnTerror   ISIS  
Russian forces kill ISIS affiliate cell leader in Dagestan  IslamicState  WaronTerror  Russia  Caucasus  
The mounting death toll in Mosul forces questions about the battle plan  Mosul  WarInIraq  IS  IslamicState  Terror   
Ohio attacker Abdul Ali A an was 'Somali refugee'  LikelyActofTerror  Terrorism  Jihad  IslamicState  Evil  
The OSU attack bears the all the hallmarks of a terror attack carried out by someone who may have been self-radicalized.…
In pictures: Iraqi troops push deeper into Mosul  Iraq  IS  IslamicState  FightforMosul  War  Civilians   
Syria forces 'retake' second Aleppo area  FightforAleppo  SyrianCivilWar  AssadGovernment   
Mosul Christians: IS are 'grandsons of Satan'  BattleforMosul  Atrocities  Iraq  Evil  IslamicState  Terror   
Shia pilgrims among 77 people killed in IS attack in Iraq  IslamicState  Terror  IS  Evil  Genocide  Iraq   
Iraqi Christians returning to villages destroyed by IS  IslamicState  Terror  ConversionorDeath  Christians  Mosul   
Australian IS recruiter Neil Prakash 'still alive'  ISIS  IslamicState  FightEvil  Terror  Terrorism   
IS conflict: US soldier killed in Syria blast  ISIS  FightAgainstISIS  Syria  AmericasFinest  KIA  
Mass graves in Iraq reveal Islamic State horrors  Evil  Terror  ISIS  Mosul  StopIS  Genocide  FightForMosul  Iraq  
Arab Spring 'cost region $600bn' in lost growth, UN says  Cost  EconomicLoss  ArabSpring   
Mosul battle: IS hangs bodies of 40 civilians from poles in Iraqi city, UN says  Evil  Terror  ISIS  Mosul  StopIS   
Nimrud: Iraqi forces 'retake ancient city from IS'  ISIS  IslamicState  Terrorism  FightforMosul  Nimrud  
IslamicStateTheComingStorm  TopTen  GooglePlay  MyBook  Terrorism  Terror  ISIS  StopISIS  
Mosul battle: Iraqi army fights its way into new suburb  Mosul  ISIS  StopISIS  
US election 2016: FBI investigates 'possible' pre-election attack  Terror  Terrorism  Threat  AlQaeda  
IS' battle plan for its defence of Mosul  ISIS  IslamicState  Terror  Mosul  Iraq  StopISIS  
Egypt 'kills head of IS branch in Sinai'  ISIS  IslamicState  Terror  Egypt  WarOnTerror  
Neller: Today we honored MSgt Richard Pittman, Medal of Honor '68. He showed audacious courage &amp; initiative to protect his fel… 
90min TV audience dissection of 1st WALKING DEAD episode?
Yemen conflict: Rebels accused of violating ceasefire  Yemen  CivilWar  Fighting  War  
Repo  warns of ISIS developing drones for chemical attacks - CNN
Somali militants attack key town of Afgoye near capital  Africa  AlShabab  Terror  Jihad  Terrorism  AlQaeda   
Mosul battle: EU 'should prepare for returning jihadists'  Iraq  BattleForMosul  ISIS  IslamicState  Terror  Jihad   
Syria conflict: US and Russia to resume talks on Saturday
Germany hunts bomb suspect in Chemnitz  Terror  Terrorism  ISIS  IslamicState  NewNorm  ItHasToStop  
Brussels police stabbed in 'terror attack'  Terrorism  ISIS  IslamicState  Syria  NewNorm  Terror   
MUSLIM ACCOMMODATION: We shd sta  getting used to this type of thing happening.  
Russia Warns Against US Attack on Syrian Forces - ABC News  SyrianCivilWar  US  Russia  Assad  Terror  Power   
8 People Taken to a Hospital After MN Mall Stabbings - ABC News -   via    WarOnTerror  IslamicState  ISISinspired
Pipe bomb explodes along Jersey Shore  Marine charity 5K racecourse  WarOnTerror  IslamicState  ISISinspired   
29 people injured after  intentional  explosion in New York City    WarOnTerror  IslamicState   
Muslim woman set on fire on New York’s Fifth Avenue in possible hate crime, police say    Sad  WeAreBetter 
Islamic State is losing ground, however, the threat is real and will continue.  ISIS  IslamicState  Terrorism  War  Terro heNewNorm 
As many of you know, my book was released last month.  Book  IslamicState  WarOnTerror  Terrorism  ISIS   
Exclude Hungary from EU, says Luxembourg's Asselborn  Europe  Hungary  BoarderFence  Migrants  ISIS  Security   
Germany arrests three Syrian men 'on IS mission'  IslamicState  ISIS  Syria  Germany  Terrorism  Plot  
Faith, Hope and Love and the Greatest is Love.  NeverForget   
.  remembers singing   Where Were You (When the World Stopped Turning)   live just 2 months after 9/11. http… 
Auschwitz medic Hube  Zafke goes on trial at fou h attempt
'IS-inspired' Australian man charged with terrorism  IslamicState  ISIS  Terrorism  Australia   
77 years ago today, Britain &amp; France declared war on Nazi Germany   
A glimmer of a chance for a settlement in Syria?  SyrianCivilWar  Syria  Russia  Turkey  USA  Iran  ISIS  
Egypt 'kills head of IS branch in Sinai'  ISIS  IslamicState  Terrorism  Egypt  WarOnTerror  
Philippines bomb: Davao attack blamed on Abu Sayyaf  Terrorism  IslamicState  AbuSayyaf  WasteOfLife  
Czechs and Hungarians call for EU army amid security worries  EuropeInCrisis  Refugees   
Pakistan blast at cou  leaves several dead in Mardan  Terrorism  Taliban  IslamicState  sad  WasteOfLife  
IS conflict: Turkey sends more tanks into Syria  Turkey  IslamicState  Syria  CivilWar  StopISIS  
Britain to deploy £1billion Royal Navy destroyer to suppo  the military campaign against  ISIS    …

Relative of Charlie Hebdo attack killer held on terror charge in France  ISIS  
Antep victims by age 4,4,7,7,9,9,10,11,11,11,11,11,11,12,12,13,13,14,14,14,14,14,14,14,15,16, 21,21,22,22,23,23,26,26,28,… 
Syrian war: Turkey to play more active role  WarOnTerror  Syria  Turkey  CivilWar   
Turkey wedding blast: More than 20 dead and 90 hu  in Gaziantep  Terrorism  ISIS  IslamicState  Turkey  
Syrian war: US scrambles jets to Hassakeh  Syria  CivilWar  US  Fighters  
Afghan Taliban capture key district of Khanabad in Kunduz  Taliban  Kunduz  GainingGround  terrorism  
How Anjem Choudary's mouth was finally shut  Terrorism  IslamicState  ISIS  Extremism   
Russia St Petersburg: 'Militants' killed in counter-terrorism raid  Terrorism  ISIS  IslamicState   
Islamic State: The Coming Storm   is available through and   
My first book is out!!   Islamic State: The Coming Storm    IslamicState  ISIS  Genocide  Evil  Terrorism 
Islamic State: The Coming Storm - H. Edward Phillips, III : Christian Bookstore WestBow Press   via   
IS conflict: Manbij residents celebrate liberation. Throwing off the yoke of  terrorism freedom from  ISIS!  
How attacks are forcing Germany to examine civil freedoms  IslamicState  Terrorism  Threats  Europe  EU   
Conve , 24,  IslamicState suppo er detonated bomb and was about to set off second when killed by police in  Canada 
U.S.-backed Libyan militias say they have taken over  IslamicState headqua ers in  Si e: Repo , Wed.   
IslamicState has been  tooquiet.  It seems they are either on the ropes, or something big is coming. 
Australian professor has repo edly been kidnapped at gun point in Afghanistan.  9News  
Aug 8, 1969 marks the 47th anniversary of  TheBeatles crossing of  AbbeyRoad for the cover of their  Iconic  Album! https:… 
Duty, honor, country: Those three hallowed words reverently dictate what you ought to be, what you can be, what you w… 
Mike Belsky:   It's a problem when any law enforcement officer – prosecutor or police – arrests &amp; charges people w/out proba… 
NEXT on  Hannity: More with   and Lt. Col. Ralph Peters – they weigh in on the DC Metro policeman arrested for sup…
NormandyChurch Nun:  IslamicState jihadis filmed incident, forced priest to kneel, said Islamic prayers in Arabic at altar… 
The cover of my soon to be released book Islamic State: The Coming Storm  IslamicState  ISIS  Book  Terrorism  
The war on  GlobalIslamicTerrorism is real. The world must fight back!  WarOnTerror. We cannot sit on the sideline.
VIDEO: 
WarOnTerror It seems some really do not understand this war (e.g.  ). Glad to see her background photo is of a  WW2  Marine.
Its probably nothing...0800 789 321 - If you suspect it repo  it  WarOnTerror  Prevent.  Repo It  
Taliban attack in  Kabul against foreign contractors after large  explosion.  TalibanTerrorists killed in attack.  WarOnTerror.
A  Russian  miltaryhelicopter was shot down in  Syria by rebels (a.k.a.  terrorists),  WarOnTerror. At least four servicemen were killed. 
BREAKING:  Isis's  Dabiq magazine issue   15 has just been posted.
An alliance with  Russia is crucial in fighting the  WarOnTerror! We must revive the alliance that served us well in  WW2
The cover of my new book Islamic State: The Coming Storm  IslamicState  ISIS  Book  Terrorism  
It truly saddens me that the world is capable of such violence.  PrayForFrance  PrayForOurPriests  
Nun who escaped with her life talks about ISIS attack in France    PrayForFrance
Terror France Radicals It is sad when we cannot live in peace and security.  PrayForFrance
Men &amp; women in  Mosul enjoy the newly opened   Book Forum   - the first mixed gender cafe since  Daesh defeat   
Iraq’s first co-working space opens in  Baghdad.   provides high-speed internet, a book shop and an events space.… 
More than 80,000 refugees from Syria are living in Zaatari camp in  Jordan, which has been hit by heavy rain and fl…   
Sometimes all we need is a little helping hand.
Thanks to  UK &amp;   effo s,  Daesh has lost 98%+ of the territory it once occupied in  Iraq &amp;  Syria   
UK-funded projects have helped create 2000+ jobs for women in  Iraq, financed 1000+ small business grants for women…   
Daesh indoctrinates children - driving wedges between families (via  )  
The  UK is a key donor to   - helping suppo  peace-building projects in newly liberated areas across…  
The UK is a major donor to a   housing programme in  Fallujah  Anbar, where women are playing a key role.   
The  UK is working closely with  Norway as pa  of   to  DefeatDaesh (via  )  
Hea felt sympathies to the family and friends of Capt. Dean Sprouting  
Now this is  heavymetal - A combined displacement of over 50,000 tons at work. RFA Fo  Rosalie on operations in the  Middl… 
The  UK has donated an additional £1m to   to suppo  the clearance of  Daesh IEDs &amp; mines from critical infra…  
&amp;   visited critical infrastructures sites in  Mosul where our implementing pa ner conducts explosive hazard m…
UK-suppo ed   programmes ensure that women are recruited for jobs in recovery work, including as engineers, social w… 
The   has trained 60,000+  Iraq-i Security Forces - representing nearly half the total   number…   
Women &amp; girls must be @ centre of effo s to prevent &amp;resolve conflict &amp;promote peace &amp;stability. UK’s  humanitarian &amp;  stabi…
.    The   to defeat ISIS has liberated almost 100 percent of the territory once held by these killers in  Ira… 
Over 50% of people who were displaced in  Iraq by  Daesh &amp; the military operations to  DefeatDaesh have returned ho…  
Nearly 45,000 students are now back learning in  Mosul University (via  )   
The  ISIS version of a city-state was neither properly efficient nor concerned with justice.   Read how one doctor…   
Did you know   Internet Referral Unit look for terrorist &amp; extremist content online every day? The U…  
“We live like prisoners serving long jail sentences.   First instalment by   of how  Daesh took over  Mosul   
New exhibition by   at Lambeth Palace which he sketched from the front lines against  Daesh in  Mosul  
Delighted by my first visit to Mosul &amp; the warm welcome we received. UK is already helping the people of Mosul. But the ne…
When you repo  online terrorist or extremist content - you're playing your pa  in tackling the terrorist threat. We'…
“We went through a long nightmare and now we have woken up transformed.” Read how the city of  Mosul is coming back…  
The  UK has provided £229.5m of life-saving humanitarian aid to people across  Iraq. To date, we've delivered shelt…   
Soldiers from   conducting FIBUA training to  Iraq forces, building pa ner capacity. To date the UK and its  … 
Did you know  UK ( ) funding has provided life saving healthcare services to over 3.9m people? Find out more a…
Daesh propaganda output slashed in 2017   (via  )  DefeatingDaesh   
ICYMI earlier this week at  Davos,   stressed that tech firms must stop providing a platform for terror…   
The  UK is a leading member of   - working to  DefeatDaesh. Not sure what we do? Follow this link to find…  
Happy  AustraliaDay! We're proud to work with our  Australia-n   pa ners to  DefeatDaesh. Here a…  
.  reiterated  UK suppo  for  Iraq at  Davos. We are a fully committed security pa ner - recently inve…  
NEWS: Response to attack on Save the Children offices in Afghanistan.  
.  Horrific attack against   office in  Jalalabad  Afghanistan, my thoughts &amp; deepest condolences t… 
Since 2010, 303,000 pieces of terrorist &amp; extremist material have been removed by service providers at the request…   
In November,  Daesh propaganda output was 88% less than at its peak production in 2015. We'll continue to work hard…   
6 weeks into Op SHADER and all is well.  Here are a few snaps of us training the local security forces and providing security…
Soldiers from   conducting FIBUA training to  Iraq forces, building pa ner capacity.  To date the UK and its  … 
Arabian Night - Scottish troops serving with   in  Iraq prepare to celebrate  BurnsNight in Baghdad. 100s of…
Earlier this week   &amp;   successfully targeted approx. 150  Daesh fighters in  Syria.  UK providing…  
'Coalition aims to defeat  ISIS brand' via  . We remain committed to tackling  Daesh ideology; 'the work still…
The   continues to hit Daesh targets in eastern Syria in suppo  of Syrian Democratic Forces operations. Read t…
Iraqi Army leaders recently signed for mobility packages, including vehicles &amp; maintenance kits, at Besmaya.   suppor… 
You can help make a difference. Learn what's normal for your environment and what isn't. If you see or hear anything t…
Through  ,    is providing displaced families across  Iraq w/essential legal documents needed to ac…   
The  UK-'s £30m Cultural Protection Fund is helping build capability in conflict zones to protect cultural heritage…  
The  UK proudly funds   funding facility for stabilisation - which is helping children across  Iraq get b…  
The  UK is keeping up the pressure on tech firms to remove terrorist &amp; extremist content from online  
BREAKING -  Iraqi engineers open 2nd bridge in  Mosul increasing capacity between the two sides of Mosul by several tho…
Iraqis are returning home after ISIS.  Iraq  ISIS  Daesh  
Young people in  Mosul are working to improve their city after liberation from  Daesh through a campaign called 'Ma…  
When I grow up, I want to draw ca oons. I really like watching ca oons, so it would be cool to have my own show.   –… 
If you're concerned about someone you know showing signs of being radicalised, practical advice and guidance is availa… 
Daesh militants fleeing  Syria leave behind a valuable trove of intelligence  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
See photos of the progress made in  Mosul since liberation
UNICEF has helped rehabilitate 1/3 of the 638 schools that have reopened in  Mosul. +500k children—almost half of them gir…   
.  is helping 100s of people affected by the  SyriaCrisis  through their cash transfer programme in  Lebanon  
3 SCOTS take over from 2 RIFLES in Iraq providing security for troops and training local forces  
Re-upping a piece of mine from 18 months ago exploring  Daesh use of  Propaganda of the Deed and how we should respond htt…
3.2million people across  Iraq have now returned home following  Daesh defeat. The  UK is at the forefront of stabi…  
The  UK has provided £18m to   since 2014, supplying emergency water &amp; sanitation assistance to those aff…   s1t2 
.  use latest technology to  defeatDaesh in  Syria  
Recent Transfer of Authority ceremony at Al Asad Air Base, Iraq.  Many thanks to the soldiers from   for a job well… 
Through the UN’s  Iraq Humanitarian Pooled Fund, the  UK is funding projects that provide protection for women &amp; gi…   
RAF Reapers keep up the fight against Daesh, striking armed trucks and command posts across eastern Syria and, for the f… 
'For the first time since Dec 13, the number of people returning to their area of origin has surpassed the number displaced… 
Baiji is coming back to life. Markets &amp; schools were destroyed, but nearly 9,000 people have already returned. Schools are… 
A new life is beginning   - read how areas of  Mosul are abuzz with shops, restaurants &amp; music following liberation…   
Fire and movement training being delivered to  Iraqi soldiers by members of the  . Demonstration of the UK’s ong…
installed another bridge this week on the outski s of  Raqqah. The bridge will provide reliable access and enabl…
Through  , the  UK is helping restore historical sites across  Iraq damaged by  Daesh   
Thanks to incredible effo s by   - of which the  UK is a leading member - 7.5million+ people have been li…  
Expe s say  Daesh online presence is in significant decline  
The  UK has helped train over 60K members of the Iraqi Security Forces as pa  of the   to  DefeatDaesh
The UK is suppo ing Iraq in the fight vs  Daesh with combat training &amp;   strikes against Daesh targets. UK troops have he…
Defence Secretary Gavin Williamson visited  Iraq last week to reiterate the UK's long-term commitment to Iraq's security &amp; st…
Daesh has lost 96%+ of the territory it once occupied - allowing life to return to many communities in  Iraq &amp;…  
W/ the suppo  of  , UNICEF held an event at Al-Mustansiriya University in  Baghdad about water conservation and imp… 
.  Mobility Suppo  Training Team Prepare Confidence Charges as pa  of the training effo  for  Iraqi soldiers…
W/ funding from  , UNICEF is working w/   in  Kirkuk to distribute water purification tablets to displaced pp… 
Soldiers from   (3rd Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland) have deployed to Iraq on OP SHADER where they will p…
There's significant challenges in getting children back into the classroom in  Mosul. But the UK is at the forefron…  
Did you know the UK is investing £10m over the next 3yrs to build  Iraq-’s counter-terrorism capability…  
Today is  IraqiPoliceDay. To date,   troops have trained more than 60,000 members of the Iraqi Security…   
On National Police Day, we congratulate Iraq’s police forces &amp; thank them for keeping our communities safe. The   i… 
'2.8 million Iraqis are now back in their homes'. Hear more from   Spokesperson &amp; Special Envoy…  
Congratulations to the Iraqi Federal Police on their 96th anniversary. The UK works closely with all Iraqi Security Forces in…
Information provided by the public has prevented attacks and saved lives. If you see or hear anything suspicious that…
DefeatingDaesh remains a UK top priority for 2018 - there's still more work to do  
Mosul Amusement park was used by ISIS as a training camp for children, now is back to normality.   
Our pa ner,  , is committed to  DefeatingDaesh.   visited  Iraq this week to meet his Iraqi counterp… 
Thank you   for your continued suppo  to our military effo  to  DefeatDaesh  
ICYMI   visited  Iraq this week to reaffirm our commitment to  DefeatingDaesh &amp; commend our brilliant mil…  
On Thursday   proudly reaffirmed the UK commitment to  DefeatingDaesh in a meeting with the Iraqi De…  
Did you know? The   flew on operations against  Daesh every day over the Christmas period, striking te…   
Earlier this week a team of   engineers, working with  Syria-n pa ners, erected a steel bridge in  Raqqa…   1IMVBa 
In his first visit to Iraq, Def Sec commended UK personnel deployed in the fight against Daesh. He also met his Iraqi counte… 
UK, as pa  of  , is committed to the lasting defeat of  Daesh. Despite successes in 2017, there's still m…   
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT.  Mosul pathologist describes extent of  Daesh atrocities on civilians in the city (via…  
The  UK will continue to put pressure on social media companies to help stop terrorist use of their platforms…  
.  examines the collapse of  Daesh-'s propaganda machine (via  )  
Great progress made by   in 2017 - additional 4.5m people liberated from  Daesh rule  DefeatingDaesh  
Millions of people were liberated from  Daesh in  2017. Many sacrifices were made in this Global effo  to  DefeatDaesh.  Th…
After her husband was murdered by  Daesh, Amsha Ali Alyas from  Iraq spent a month in captivity with her young son. 
Life is Life
Mosul residents celebrated their first  NYE since liberation from  Daesh (via  )   duF0WueJ
The   has trained more than 126,500 members of the Iraqi Security Forces since 2015.  Our pa nership continues in 20… 
The UK will continue to play a leading role at the United Nations in 2018 🇺🇳🇬🇧
Seventy nations and four organizations that comprise the Global   reflect on  2017 and look forward into  2018.  Defe…
The  UK continues to champion the impo ance of the global community coming together to hold  Daesh to account…  
.  Royal Engineer instructor teaches person search techniques to members of the  Iraq-i Security Forces…  
DefeatingDaesh remains a top  UK priority in  2018. We’ll continue to play a leading role in the 74 member…  
On  nye2017 we take a look back at   highlights over 2017 – with  DefeatingDaesh a top priority…  
In 2017
Chief of the Defence Staff Air Chief Marshal Sir Stua  Peach visited RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus, meeting and thanking  … 
Following this year's terror attacks, military personnel were drafted in to suppo  armed police to significantly increase… 
Over this festive period   personnel deployed in Iraq are working to build up the capabilities of  Iraq personne…
This year the  UK helped to bring about a  UNSC Resolution that will hold  Daesh to account for their atrocities in…  
I am appalled by this despicable attack on a cultural centre in Kabul which has claimed so many innocent lives.   
'It’s so special to be back in my church
Deeply saddened by today’s hea breaking attack in  Kabul. Thoughts are with the victims and their families. Terror cannot…
Earlier this month   congratulated   on driving  Daesh from all significant territory in  Iraq…  
UKaid has been critical in helping fund 1,400+   stabilisation projects across  Iraq – allowing 2.7 mill…   
British Army Maj. Gen. Felix Gedney, the deputy commanding general, strategy &amp; suppo , Combined Joint Task Force - Operation… 
Muslims, as well as local &amp; military officials, stood with Christian worshippers amid the candles &amp; Christmas trees.   
Christians and Muslims celebrated Christmas for the first time in Mosul since the city was taken back from ISIS.  
UKaid provides a vital lifeline to millions of Iraqis with emergency food
Thank you to all the   &amp;   workers serving abroad this  Christmas2017 – helping to keep the  UK safe  
'You can feel the people found hope again' - Christmas returns to a city liberated from  Daesh via    
.  has played a crucial role in  DefeatingDaesh in  Iraq. Read this opinion piece by US Air Forces com…  
The    is working with international &amp; Iraqi pa ners to rehabilitate civic infrastructure, suppo  the local econo… 
Through   Funding Facility for Stabilisation - which  UKaid helps fund, 45 schools have been completed or…   
Thursdaythrowback to the   in 1944 preparing for festivities with a spectacular Christmas pudding! There is only…
UK: Extremely impo ant resolution 2165 has been renewed by  UNSC. This will allow aid to continue to be delivered cross-bo…
Looking at the children bursting w/ learning, energy &amp; play, and knowing the 2nd half of the school is going to be constru… 
The Al Qasoor Water Treatment Plant in  Mosul was destroyed by  Daesh. But through  ,  UKaid has rehabili…   
Proud to look back over the work of   in 2017 to help British people overseas.
Coalition is committed to helping build a stable  futureiraq - training by our pa ners is now adapting to Iraqi needs
Protecting women &amp; girls across  Iraq is one of  UK-'s top priorities  DefeatingDaesh   
Engineer Montaha is helping to counter  Daesh mines across  Iraq - while reducing gender inequality in the field (v…  
After a cracking 6 months delivering training to  Peshmerga and  Iraqi Army, we have now handed over to  , and a… 
The  UK is a leading member of   which is committed to  DefeatingDaesh &amp; stabilising liberated areas. Find…  
Christmas returns to Mosul
Two   F18's fly over the Middle East after being refuelled by an   Voyager.  defeatda…
A counter-IED instructor from   teaches  Iraq-i Security Forces how to counter  Daesh explosives…  
UK has contributed £74.7m to the  Iraq Humanitarian Fund which has helped fund 125+ projects in 9 governorates
ICYMI last week   announced the liberation of all  Daesh-held territory in  Iraq.  UK will continue t…  
Daesh is no longer a territorial force in  Iraq but will remain a terror threat. This is why UK will invest £10m i…  
Welcome, Sir! UK Maj. Gen. Felix Gedney --   -- is  's Deputy Commanding General for Strategy &amp; Suppo  and is… 
UK proud to suppo    - helping to bring hope to people across  Iraq  futureiraq  
Valuable oppo unity to share the greatest lesson from my postings to  Iraq with senior Iraqi &amp;   military leader…
UK stabilisation effo s (£95m) in  Iraq have helped restore essential services &amp; funded reform &amp; reconciliation p…  
The Hero at Home - Individual award was awarded to   Lt Jared Bambridge at    Millies last night! The award…
Congratulations to Lieutenant Jared Bambridge for winning the  Millies Hero at Home - Individual award for his courageous…
The  UK is the second largest military contributor to   - helping to drive  Daesh from all significant ter…  
UK stands with   as they set the conditions for a secure &amp; prosperous  futureiraq  DefeatingDaesh  
Find out more about our progress against  Daesh, as pa  of  , in  Syria &amp;  Iraq here:…   
The  UK has committed £230m in humanitarian aid to help those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq - demonstration our commi…  
Blogger   talks to   about documenting 3years of life under  Daesh &amp; his hopes for…  
ICYMI   congratulated   on driving  Daesh from all significant territory in  Iraq…  
The threat of  Daesh in  Iraq is not over.   describes the scale of IEDs left behind to maim &amp; kill civilian…  
.  has delivered over 1,350 airstrikes, training for 60,000 members of the  Iraq-i Security Forces &amp; 2…   
After three years under  Daesh, the people of  Mosul are beginning to rebuild their lives (via  )   
Iraqi Security Forces &amp; Syrian Democratic Forces link-up at shared border yesterday. Secure int'l border protects Iraqis &amp; Syr…
If you're heading out during this festive weather wrap up warm and look out for each other ❄️🎄 If you spot anything su…
The  UK played a significant role in liberating  Daesh-held areas in  Iraq - providing over £1.1bn in assistance. F…  
I am grateful to the role of international coalition in the fight against ISIS. When we come together the world become…
Raqqa Civil Council is working to get children back in the classroom – currently providing books for 20,000 studen…   
Congratulations from   to PM   &amp; the thousands of Iraqis who fought &amp; sacrificed 3+ years against a sick/t…
Out enjoying the festivities tonight? ❄️🎄🎉 Enjoy yourself, look out for each other and stay safe. If you spot anything… 
Today is  HumanRightsDay - the  UK is committed to helping reinstate the rights that people lost under  Daesh…  
UK is leading the campaign to bring  Daesh to justice &amp; hold them to account for their atrocities  HumanRightsDay…  
On the front line of darkness, there is light. 
Today is  HumanRightsDay.  UK is committed to suppo ing the human rights of those liberated from  Daesh…  
The Prime Minister has welcomed the news that Daesh no longer hold significant territory in Syria or Iraq. Read more her…
DefSec: I congratulate President Abadi and the Iraqi Security Forces who have successfully defeated Daesh in Iraq. I am also…
DefSec: We must continue to suppo  the Government of Iraq to ensure their long term security
We thank our pa ners and friends around the world who stood by us and suppo ed us in our battle for liberation. We now…
thjones: The defeat of Da’esh in Iraq is a great achievement - huge sacrifices, resilience &amp; courage of Iraqi people, soldiers &amp;… 
UK Prime Minister   statement:   On behalf of the United Kingdom, I congratulate Prime Minister Abadi and all Iraq… 
British Prime Minister Theresa May:   On behalf of the United Kingdom, I congratulate Prime Minister Abadi and all Iraqis on t… 
“Throughout this ruthless and bloody conflict, UK aid has provided a vital lifeline to millions of Iraqis with emergency food,… 
“We are now suppo ing the Government of Iraq to clear Daesh-laid explosives and repair homes, schools and vital water and ele… 
.  congratulates   &amp; all the Iraqi people on this historic moment  DefeatingDaesh…  
Our   will continue to stand with  Iraq to suppo  its security forces, economy, and stabilization to help ensur… 
PM Abadi announces that today, for the first time in four long years,  ISIS controls no significant territory in  Iraq. W… 
The Coalition congratulate the people of Iraq on their significant victory against  Daesh. We stand by them as they set the…
Commander-in-Chief   announces that Iraq’s armed forces have secured the western dese  &amp; the entire Iraq Syria…
Less than 3,000  Daesh fighters left in  Iraq &amp;  Syria -  UK will continue to suppo  our pa ner forces to defeat…   
Suppo ing survivors of sexual violence in conflict &amp; ending stigma is a key priority for the UK in  Iraq  16days…  
With   suppo , schools near  Raqqa, destroyed by  Daesh, are now reopening so that children can get back…   
.  discusses  UK role in  DefeatingDaesh &amp; our continued fight against terrorism
Our stabilisation effo s go hand in hand with our military effo s. We’re providing humanitarian aid to those affe…  
The British Army has 600 soldiers on the ground in  Iraq helping train  ISF to  DefeatDaesh  
UK working with European pa ners &amp;
UK is suppo ing   in helping peace &amp; safety return to the country so women can return to their normal liv…  
A 2 MERCIAN soldier provides overwatch in Besmaya
The fight against terrorism is a fight against a disease
The fight against terrorism is global
We cannot afford to let terrorists change the way we live our lives
British foreign policy is not pa  of the problem; it is pa  of the solution to defeat terrorism
British men and women are working around the world to thwa  terrorism and bring offenders to justice
Daesh has lost 95% of territory it once controlled in  Iraq &amp;  Syria  
A closer look at how  Daesh &amp; other terror group are weaponising women &amp; girls    16Days
Pari runs a women's shelter in  Iraq - helping Yadizi women who have survived the horrors of  Daesh  16days…  
MI5 have disrupted 9 attacks in past year but near defeat of  Daesh in  Syria &amp;  Iraq means threat is not over  
Discussed future transition of the  DefeatDaesh campaign to consolidation of the  Iraqi people's hard fought gains  …
In  Baghdad, liaised with the  Iraqi High Level Committee to discuss  Coalition way forward in suppo  of  GoI and  ISF  … 
Wonderful meeting today at 10 Downing.  
There has been an   absolute dip   in  Daesh propaganda in recent months   
In 2018 the  UK will provide at least £20 million in humanitarian aid for  Iraq, to help deliver urgent life-saving assistanc… 
On her visit to Iraq, the Prime Minister announced that the  UK will invest £10 million to help build  Iraq's counter-terrori… 
Be vigilant and look out for each other. If you see or hear anything that could identify a terrorist threat don't igno…
AskOIRSpox Our pa ners the  UK +  Iraq are leading on the campaign to bring  Daesh to justice - and at the  UN in Septembe…
The Coalition is committed to the future of woman and children in territory liberated from  Daesh - many of our pa ners run…
.  is committed to the defeat of  Daesh in Iraq, and is planning long term. Already trained over 125k  Iraq-i securit… 
In just over one hour Col Ryan Dillon ( ) will be answering your questions live. Simply tweet with  AskOIRSpox to ask…
Colonel Ryan Dillon says the ability of so-called Islamic state to act as 'an army' has come to an end  r4today  
UN Ambassador   experienced horrific suffering under  Daesh. UK is committed to bringing those respo…  
Soldiers from the 2nd Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland (2 SCOTS) have deployed to Iraq to deliver vital training a…
We'll be live with   on   in around 5mins. Listen in now!  
We're live with   on   talking foreign terrorist fighters and   effo s to  defeatDaesh…  
Coming up on   very sho ly! Hear   talk about Coalition effo s to  DefeatDaesh  
Today Col Ryan Dillon ( ) briefed the world's media on the fight against  Daesh. Tomorrow, at 3pm GMT, you have the c… 
The  UK helps protect women &amp; girls in  Iraq affected by  Daesh. We provide vital access to protection services as…  
The   hosted an event at the British Embassy in  Iraq to raise awareness &amp; generate action to eliminate violence aga…
Great briefing by  . The Coalition will continue to  defeatDaesh as the terror group's capacity is diminished. https:…
We’ve seen an absolute dip in  Daesh propaganda. Rumiyah hasn’t been published for over 90 days &amp; they've lost the ability t…
.   Daesh has lost nearly all the territory they once held. 7.5m people have been liberated &amp;  Daesh has not been ab…
.  the Iraqi Security Forces have proved them to be an effective fighting force - retaking &amp; liberating more than 52…
We are committed to stabilising areas cleared of  Daesh. Our stabilisation &amp; humanitarian effo s go hand in hand with our m…
If you see someone acting suspiciously, or if something seems out of place: Repo  it. Don't ignore it.  SeeItSayItSor… 
Daesh continue to lose territory across  Iraq and  Syria. See just how much on our map of their territorial control (correc…
UK is committed to suppo ing our pa ners in the Middle East to tackle root of terrorism  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Don't forget on Tuesday 3pm you can ask Col Ryan Dillon ( ) questions about  CoalitionProgress. Tweet…  
Really interesting analysis of  Daesh diminishing propaganda capacity via    DefeatingDaesh  
UK is funding emergency Gender Based Violence services to women &amp; girls affected by  Daesh in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh…  
Between the end of September and November the 8th,  Daesh continued to lose territory across  Iraq and  Syria. Find out how… 
If you're out tonight wrap up warm + look out for each other. If you see anything suspicious, tell someone straight aw… 
ICYMI   visited  Iraq  Jordan &amp;  SaudiArabia this week - where  DefeatingDaesh was top of the agenda   
.  has helped 1000s of displaced women from  Mosul through provision of reproductive health services  16Days  
On Tuesday (5 Dec)   will be answering your questions about operations to  defeatDaesh. Tweet  AskOIRSpox to…  
ICYMI good progress from   but there’s still more to do to tackle  Daesh propaganda online  
Welcomed ambassadors and reps from our 74-member   with focus on  ISIS’s global networks and critical need to su…
UK translated the int’l protocol on investigation of sexual violence in conflict into Kurdish to suppo  Yazidi wo…  
ICYMI   visited  Iraq to meet UK troops training Iraqi Security Forces to  DefeatDaesh  ISIS  
Daesh is in disarray - its propaganda channels suffered an 'unprecedented' hiatus last week   https:/…
Video highlights of remarks by PM   welcoming UK PM   to Baghdad:  
Prime Minister May stressed the UK’s suppo  to help Iraq defeat Daesh and stabilise liberated areas, and laid out plans to i… 
Terrorists have not only endeavored to destroy the ways we live today, but also our heritage &amp; records of how humanity ex… 
As largest donor to    Iraq Humanitarian Pooled Fund UK has provided protection for women &amp; girls among IDPs &amp; ho…  
.  has announced £94.5m to improve education &amp; create jobs in  Jordan to help build resilience to  Daesh…  
Back to school!
UK ramps up counter-terrorism effo  in  Iraq as  Daesh is driven out  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
As  Daesh is driven out,   is working with UK &amp;   pa ners to stabilise the country. But what is…   
Proud to be  Scottish, proud to be British, proud to be  . Scottish personnel on  Counter-Daesh operations in… 
The UK is committed not only to defeating Daesh militarily but also to countering the dispersal of foreign fighters from I…
Pleased to welcome UK PM   to Baghdad today. Look forward to building on the strong and historic relationship…
A great honour for C (Kohima) Company 2 MERCIAN to welcome the Prime Minister to Iraq, and to demonstrate to her how th… 
🔒 Investing £10m to build Iraq's counter-terrorism capability
The Prime Minister today became the first major foreign leader to visit Iraq since the fall of Mosul
Our pa ner the  UK ( ) is committed to suppo  the people of  Raqqa after the city's liberation from  Daesh
Great steps made by  . UK is working closely with the GIFCT to tackle extremist &amp; terrorist use of their pl…  
Although  Daesh is being squeezed on the battlefield
Through our pa ner  , we’ve provided gender-segregated water &amp; sanitation facilities across  Iraq &amp; menstrua…   
We suppo  effo s to promote the rights of women &amp; girls in  Iraq. This is why we opposed the draft amendments to the Person…
The UK helps protect women &amp; girls in  Iraq by improving their access to clean water, food &amp; shelter, pa icularly in areas l… 
Restoring infrastructure destroyed by  Daesh is crucial for  IraqStabilization – like this oil refinery reopened in…  
Fu her evidence of mass executions by  Daesh in  Iraq. UK working closely with   to bring  Daesh to justi…  
It is 1 year since we held our Week of Women event in  Baghdad. Today we are highlighting the UK's global suppo  for  UNWome…
The UK works around the world to help end violence against women &amp; girls. This means putting gender perspectives at the hea …
“I am an Iraqi woman, I am … ” watch here to find out how Iraqi women perceive themselves w/   16Days   
[ISF] units have cleared 50% of the total area of the dese  (29K km2); phase I is over. -  .   continues sp…
Daesh is in disarray - it has now been 79 days since it was last able to release its 'flagship' magazine  
UK: Grateful for the oppo unity to speak at   screening of Last Men in Aleppo.  WhiteHelmets have done an extraor…
Suppo ing survivors of sexual violence in conflict &amp; ending stigma is a key priority for the UK in  Iraq  16Days  
Representative in  Iraq Ramanathan Balakrishnan @ the launch of the  16DaysCampaign in  Kurdistan region: ‘Along with…
II(Army Co-operation) Squadron’s Operation SHADER Avionics Team were recently awarded the Rolls-Royce RAF Engineering Ef…
Daesh propaganda is falling apa  - their output plummeting as quickly as they amount of territory they hold…  
International Development Secretary   “I am proud to say that the UK is leading international effo s across mor…
UK helping   implement their National Action Plan on Women, Peace and Security – inc. suppo ing women &amp; g…   
£10m of  UKaid funding will help restore crippled health facilities in  Raqqa – allowing for additional 145,000 med…   
UK has always been a world leader in the response to  SyriaCrisis. We’re there to suppo  people of  Raqqa followi…  
Daesh is in disarray - failing to release propaganda as they are defeated online and on the ground  DefeatingDaesh  
Thanks to  UKaid, we’re helping mothers safely deliver their babies in  Raqqa w/1000 clean delivery kits…   
Deeply saddened by the abhorrent attack on a mosque in No h Sinai,  Egypt. My sincere condolences to all those affected… 
1 in 3 women will experience violence in their lifetime. Today marks the sta  of  16Days of activism against this. Will you j…
We can do it!   movers from  901EAW and  83EAG suppo   Counter-Daesh air operations across the  MiddleEast ht…
Sexual Violence in Conflict affects 1000s of women &amp; children. We suppo  survivors &amp; run vital projects to end it  16da…
We believe that ALL women and girls should be safe, equal and empowered  16days  orangetheworld 
Over the next  16Days we’ll be showing our suppo  for women &amp; girls affected by  Daesh in  Syria &amp;  Iraq…  
UK is suppo ing women across  Iraq through projects which help to tackle the stigma associated with sexual violenc…  
Daesh has caused horrific psychological &amp; physical abuse to women across  Iraq. UK is committed to  DefeatingDaesh…  
On  IDEVAW2017 watch how women are crucial to the stabilisation process in areas affected by  Daesh  16days…  
.  begins push to clear dese  of  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Daesh is “down but not out” in  Iraq. UK suppo ing   to ensure lasting defeat of terror group &amp; keep our…  
.  soldiers keeping their weapons skills up to date on the ranges in  Iraq ensuring they can contribute to ongoi…
UKaid will stop children dying from pneumonia in Syria this winter  WorldPneumoniaDay  
The impo ant thing here is to make sure that people are safe 
War in Syria put Mashael's education on hold, but thanks to   +  UKaid she is able to dream big again  WorldChildr… 
The   has now retaken 99% of the territory once held by  Daesh in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Be vigilant and repo  suspicious items - don't ignore it. You could make the difference  ActionCountersTerrorism http…
As   ramps up the pressure,  Daesh are slipping into disarray - with their propaganda channels publishing…   
Despite claims in their propaganda,  Daesh rule in  Raqqa was full of hypocrisies - read more here…   
More evidence of  Daesh atrocities - UK is leading the campaign to hold Daesh to account for their crimes…  
I encourage the Global Coalition against Da’esh, including regional countries and the wider international community, to continu… 
.  says “ Daesh is defeated but not completely finished”  ISIS  
Iraqi security forces have arrested the last  ISIS Wali (governor) in  Mosul  
In Ninewah Province for month of October, Iraqi Security Forces found/cleared more than 880 IEDs, 3500 mo ars, 140 SVESTs, 15… 
Thanks to Iraqi gov &amp;   for hosting the UK's Deputy National Security Advisor. During the visit to Iraq he under…
Brilliant story!   pilot is awarded medal for helping  Iraq-i troops pinned down by  Daesh  
Living under  Daesh in  Raqqa meant living in a climate of intense fear - read more about the truth of life under…  
UKaid has provided emergency water &amp; sanitation assistance to 280,000+ people in  Iraq via 
Daesh are in disarray - with their propaganda output falling dramatically at the same time that they are squeezed on the gr…
The UK funded a training course for Iraqi counter-terrorism to strengthen compliance with international standards &amp; help effo…
Under  Daesh in  Raqqa, people were forced to live under the group's harsh rules - read more here:…   
Today is  WorldChildrensDay - did you know that our suppo  to the people of  Raqqa includes 1000 clean delivery ki…  
Secondary schools can now access teaching materials to help educate young people about what to do in a terrorist at…  
Read the five things you need to know about what life was like under  Daesh in  Raqqa here:    
Daesh has lost 95% of the territory it once held in  Iraq &amp;  Syria  
.  puts countering terrorism at hea  of UN agenda  DefeatingDaesh  
Life under  Daesh in  Raqqa was brutal. Find out more here:   (via  )  
Daesh are in disarray - their mailing list was hacked by Muslim activists just hours after they claimed it was 'un…  
Daesh propaganda is falling apa  - their output plummeting as quickly as they amount of territory they hold  
Daesh are in disarray - failing to release their propaganda  Rumiyah  
The failure to renew the   is a failure to uncover the truth behind the conduct of all who use  chemicalweapons…
UK is suppo ing the rebuilding of critical infrastructure in  Iraq. Al-Qasoor Water Plant in  Mosul is providing c…  
Iraqi forces on Friday recaptured several areas and facilities as they sweep through the last bastion of  ISIS in  Ira…
The UK congratulates Prime Minister  , the Iraqi Security Forces &amp; all Iraqis on the  liberation of  Rawa. We wi… 
.  has conducted 1,600+ strikes against  Daesh. Find out more about the process behind these air strik…   
Amid fu her territorial losses ISIS’ online presence has been jeopardised again.  ISIS  
Iraq’s Joint Operations Command announces the complete liberation of  Rawa in western Anbar and the raising of the Iraqi fla…
Commander-in-Chief   congratulates the Iraqi people on the liberation of  Rawa, and thanks Iraq’s armed forces… 
The  UK is leading the campaign to bring  Daesh to justice for their atrocities - inc. against women &amp; girls   
Iraqi forces with   suppo  announce the liberation of  Rawa in  Anbar province, among the last populated areas… 
Yesterday   members inc. the  UK met in Jordan to discuss next steps in the fight against  Daesh. Read mor…  
From 200 propaganda pieces per wk to &gt;20.   tells   how  Daesh propaganda is in tatters  
We had access to nothing — no schools, no electricity, no water.   Aqil speaks about life under  Daesh in Al Qaim   
Students run to greet Iraqi counter terrorism service members at a primary school, Mosul Dam Village, Iraq. The breadth and di… 
I'm glad we will get money... I can choose myself what I need to buy,   Khadija Ibrahim, 73, is suppo ed by  UKaid…   
UK, as pa  of  , is committed to  DefeatingDaesh. Any claims   is complicit with  Daesh are fals…   
UK as pa  of   did not condone convoy of  Daesh fighters leaving  Raqqa on Oct 14.  
.   UKaid is providing cash assistance to almost 16,000 families - just like Ahmed's family below - across…   
750 children are back learning at newly reopened Al Rasheed primary school in  Raqqa - with thanks to NGO suppo  and coordi…
Teaching materials are now available for secondary schools to help educate young people about what to do in a terro…  
.  interviews   on documenting life under  Daesh in  Mosul  
In areas cleared of  Daesh terrorists in Syria, locally-governed civil councils are leading  stabilization &amp; recovery effo s… 
Coalition removes ISIS leaders from battlefield  
UKaid ( ) is helping to empower communities who suffered under  Daesh through sewing w/   
.  &amp;   did not condone convoy of  Daesh vehicles depa ing  Raqqa on Oct.14. Arranagement was made…  
Was never a   secret.   The Coalition issued press releases 10 and 14 Oct, spoke with several outlets, t… 
Rifleman Callum Collings plays the Last Post, as British servicemen based in Iraq mark Armistice Day in Baghdad, Nov. 11, 2017… 
Pride in the RAF. Volunteers from HQ  83EAG on operations in the   MiddleEast paint blast walls to publicise  raf100 to coa…
Interactive map (via  ) which shows  Daesh losses in past 3yrs  DefeatingDaesh  
“We weren’t allowed to use phones, we couldn’t sleep, we had no rights to do anything at all   -  Iraq-is freed from  Daesh d… 
.  keep our people safe from terror &amp; fear. Today we remember all those who are  DefeatingDaesh…  
This weekend, we remember those from all over the world that gave their lives during WWI and later conflicts  ArmisticeD… 
On the 11th hour, of the 11th day, of the 11th month, we will remember them  Remembrance  LestWeForget   
Voyager aircraft   refuels   Hornet and French Rafale jets during counter  Daesh missions  …
2 MERCIAN Battlegroup commemorated  RemembranceDay2017 while on operations in  Iraq.  LestWeForget
Today we remember the 1400+ UK military personnel who are suppo ing the fight against  Daesh  RemembranceSunday…  
On  RemembranceSunday we remember those helping to  DefeatDaesh in Iraq &amp; Syria.  UK is the second largest contribu…  
.  soldiers are on the ground in  Iraq helping to train Security Forces in counter-IED, medical, enginee…   
On  RemembranceDay we remember current UK deployments. 600   soldiers are proudly helping train 58,000+…   
UK is a leading member of   committed to  DefeatingDaesh through 5 lines of effo  – read here:…  
UKaid is helping the people of  Raqqa w/access to clean water &amp; providing 31,000 blankets &amp; relief kits   
£10m of  UKaid funding will help restore crippled health facilities in  Raqqa – allowing for additional 145,000 med…   
ICYMI - Read the statement to the House given by   on progress being made in  DefeatingDaesh…  
Thanks to  UKaid, we’re helping mothers safely deliver their babies in  Raqqa w/1000 clean delivery kits…   
UK has always been a world leader in the response to  SyriaCrisis. We’re there to suppo  people of  Raqqa followi…  
One of many stabilization effo s Raqqa Civil Council working on. Coalition pa ners suppo ing with security, contributions,… 
' Daesh will...try to inspire attacks by spreading their hateful ideology online...UK leads   effo s to stop them'  
'Every square mile of territory  Daesh have lost is one square mile less for them to exploit...' -  
'Ultimately there will need to be a peace settlement in  Syria - and that must include a transition away from the Asad regime'  
‘ Daesh have been rolled back on every battlefield…British Armed Forces…have been vital to every step of the advanc…  
Daesh ‘have now lost 90 per cent of territory they once held in  Iraq and  Syria’ -    
LIVE now - Foreign Secretary   updates  parliament on the fight against  Daesh  
ICYMI - PM Abadi visited  AlQaim this weekend, after it was liberated from  Daesh by  Iraq-i forces. Read more   
The    A400M aircraft is taking over from the trusted  C130 workhorse to service Counter  Daesh operations in…
.  is working w/pa ners on the ground to provide aid to those affected by  Daesh-'s brutal regime in  Raqqa  
94,000 people have benefitted from   funded upgrades to IDP camps across  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh   
.  is providing vital aid on the ground to people affected by  Daesh in  Iraq  
.  has provided over 280,000 people with safe water &amp; sanitation across  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh   
.  repo s finds  Daesh shelled civilian homes in  Mosul, and deliberately targeted those fleeing the city   
Recent   repo  finds  Daesh committed international crimes in  Mosul - our pa ners  UK and  Iraq are working to ensure t…
During  Mosul operation,  Daesh executed over 700 civilians, according to   repo    
PM Al-Abadi raises the Iraqi flag in Al-Qaem and salutes the heroic armed forces who took pa  in its liberation https:/…
Commander-in-Chief   visits liberated  AlQaem, raises the flag of Iraq &amp; congratulates Iraqi forces on a stunni… 
.   UKaid in  Iraq has provided food for 104,000+ people affected by  Daesh  ISIS   
DefeatingDaesh for the long term is only possible w/  IraqStabilization.   has provided £25m for UN Dev. pr…  
Since June 2014, the  UK has contributed £209.5m in suppo  of those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh (p…   
Want to know more about   humanitarian funding for  Iraq? Check out our factsheet here:…  
.  repo  finds  Daesh committed 'international crimes' in  Mosul, such as intentionally shelling civilian homes   
UK is leading global campaign to tackle extremist content on the internet – inc.  Daesh propaganda  
UK leads  -’s effo s in countering  Daesh propaganda online. Currently down by 48% since its peak in 201…  
The  UK is a key contributor to stabilisation in  Iraq - including working to preserve the country's rich cultural…  
.  is providing intelligence, surveillance &amp; reconnaissance, airfuelling &amp; air mobility suppo  to help…   
Preserving cultural heritage after  Daesh is a key pa  of stabilisation -  UK impo ant pa  of   effo s…  
.  has helped train 58,000+  ISF in countering Improvised Explosive Devices, infantry skills, medical te…   
Over 96% of territory once controlled by ISIS is now liberated in Iraq &amp; Syria  
UK will remain by Lebanon’s side in actions and not just words   as it fights Daesh and hosts 1.5m Syrian refugees. 
.  has 600 soldiers on the ground in  Iraq helping to train Iraqi Security Forces  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
UK now has 1400+ military personnel from   dedicated to the fight against…  
Remember to RUN
Be vigilant: Look out for suspicious behaviour and repo  anything that causes you a concern. 0800 789321 Just ACT  Ac…
There are things you can do to help stay safe during a gun or knife terror attack: Run, Hide, Tell  ActionCountersTerr… 
Most sho -lived career today:  ISIS leader. 11 more senior ISIS killed. No sanctuary.  defeatDaesh  
Daesh are failing - with their leaders being removed from the battlefield via  
UK suppo ed recent liberation of operations against  Daesh in  Raqqa w/targeted airstrikes from  …  
.  has deployed Reaper UAVs, 6 Typhoon jets &amp; 8 Tornados conducting over 1600 strikes against  Daesh…   
.  soldier delivers a lesson on urban operations to trainees from the Iraqi Border Guard Police…  
UK is the second largest contributor to   military campaign to  DefeatDaesh  ISIS  
Follow us this week to find out more about what the UK is doing to  DefeatDaesh  ISIS  
. Daesh has no chance to win   (via  )   
UK advises against all travel to  Syria &amp; large pa s of  Iraq. Anyone who does travel is putting themselves in dan…  
Pleased to be working w/  - suppo ing the economic recovery of areas affected by  Daesh in  Libya…  
UK step up to tackle evolving threat of  Daesh – inc. deploying additional medical team    
Even after  Daesh defeat, landmines &amp; explosives threaten people of  Raqqa.  UKaid has contributed £10m to keep Syr…   
Interactive map (via  ) which shows  Daesh losses in past 3yrs  DefeatingDaesh  
Interesting opinion piece by   on the successes of   &amp; the future of  Daesh  
.  played a crucial role in driving out  Daesh from  Raqqa – read more here:    
UK suppo ing   offensive to liberate  AlQaim from  Daesh  
Weapons attacks are rare, but remembering this simple advice could keep you safe: RUN, HIDE, TELL  ActionCountersTerro… 
Thanks to  UKaid, we’re helping mothers safely deliver their babies in  Raqqa w/1000 clean delivery kits…   
£10m of  UKaid funding will help restore crippled health facilities in  Raqqa – allowing for additional 145,000 med…   
UKaid is helping the people of  Raqqa w/access to clean water &amp; providing 31,000 blankets &amp; relief kits   
UK has always been a world leader in the response to  SyriaCrisis. We’re there to suppo  people of  Raqqa followin…  
Preventing the flow of foreign terrorist fighters is one of  -'s key lines of effo  - read more…  
If you do pa icipate in conflicts abroad, you may be committing criminal or terrorism offences &amp; could face prosecution on return (2/2) 
The UK advises against all travel to  Syria &amp; large pa s of  Iraq. Anyone who does travel is putting themselves in danger (1/2)
.  Air Commodore Johnny Stringer (R) hands over command to Air Commodore Roddy Dennis in Qatar    defea…
ICYMI: Today’s  defence coverage includes news the  UK will step up its role in the fight against  Daesh Read more:  
MF:   RAF strikes will continue against terrorist targets until they have been defeated in Iraq and Syria.   
Daesh are being defeated. Read more about the liberation of Raqqa and the UK’s role in the fight against Daesh:  
UK steps up role as the fight against  Daesh evolves. Read more:    
Landmines and explosives still threaten the people of  Raqqa.  UKaid is preparing for vital supplies to keep Syrians safe http…
Daesh’s ruthless grip on Raqqa has destroyed the lives of countless innocent people,  UKaid is ensuring they get the vital hel… 
Brave journalism from   - covering the fight against  Daesh in  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh   
During a gun or knife terror attack: RUN, HIDE, TELL. Advice that could save your life.    Actio… 
Now  Raqqa is free from  Daesh, read why many Raqqawi never accepted the terror group’s rule  DefeatingDaesh   
Read one woman's commitment to rebuilding  Raqqa now  Daesh have been defeated in the city   
Now  Daesh have been defeated in  Raqqa, hear from local people on their hopes for the future  DefeatingDaesh    
UK suppo ed operations against  Daesh in  Raqqa w/targeted airstrikes &amp; humanitarian aid for civilians  
We are working w/pa ners on the ground to provide aid to those affected by  Daesh-'s brutal regime in  Raqqa  
Great map (via  ) showing  Daesh defeat in  Iraq &amp;  Syria  DefeatingDaesh  
The innocent children of  Raqqa have known nothing but the catastrophe of war.   UKaid is ensuring they get the vital help the…
Statement by President Trump on the defeat of  ISIS terrorists in  Raqqa and transition to new phase in  Syria.  داعش  ال…
Raqqa-'s people suffered under  Daesh rule - now they are free from the group's grip  DefeatingDaesh  
The only way to ensure lasting  Daesh defeat in  Syria is a political transition away from  Assad    
Daesh ruled  Raqqa with an iron fist - see here to see inside a  Daesh bunker in the city  
The liberation of  Raqqa is a significant step in  DefeatingDaesh globally. UK is leading member of   work…  
For the last 5 years, Britain has stood by Syrians in  Raqqa, providing food, healthcare, cooking utensils, blankets and cloth… 
I welcome the   announcement of the liberation of  Raqqa, a momentous moment in the fight against Daesh. https:/… 
Defence Secretary welcomes the liberation of Raqqah, but cautions there is more to do. Read more:   ht… 
UK is proud member of   &amp; congratulate our pa ner ground forces &amp;   in liberating  Raqqa from…  
Session of the  G7InteriorMinisters on the threat of terrorist use of the Internet, with the pa icipation of tech companies.  G7 h… 
I'm meeting with other  G7InteriorMinisters to discuss combatting terrorism and tackling online extremism and working toge…
Lower level of  Raqqa  Syria stadium where  ISIS made their last stance and used as prison.  
UK military personnel delivering   air operations 24/7 from the Combined Air Operations Centre in the  MiddleEast ht…
Timeline of  Daesh-'s rise &amp; fall (via  )  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Via   -  Daesh face 'devastating defeat' on the 3rd anniversary of   operations to defeat  Daesh  
As  Raqqa liberation nears,   has retaken ~90% of the territory  Daesh once controlled  DefeatingDaesh   
SDF has cleared 98% of Raqqa -- Small pocket east of stadium remains. Checking buildings/tunnels for any last  ISIS holdouts.…
If you see or hear something suspicious, trust your instincts and ACT immediately. Contact police ☎️ 0800 789 321  Act… 
With Daesh on backfoot in Iraq and Syria, DefSec today reviewed progress of military campaign with Iraqi Minister of the Int… 
Horrific story of one woman's ordeal under  Daesh (via  ) TW graphic content  
ISIS terrorists placed 150 explosive devices in/around this one water treatment plant near  Raqqa. Now cleared and being…
ISIS terrorists destroyed this school just outside  Raqqa. Now ready &amp; restored w/desks, books, chalkboards for 1000s of… 
Near  TalAfar, last 2 wks, ISF recovered 550 IEDs, 1800 mo ars, 25 landmines, 101 suicide vests, 16 tunnels &amp; 11 IED factorie… 
People in Tal Afar clear rubble together as their city recovers following  Daesh defeat   DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Daesh continue to surrender as they lose ground in  Syria &amp;  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
SDF now control 95% of  Raqqa; Soccer stadium, former Nat'l Hospital complex, Naim Circle; clearance ops cont. in last blocks… 
Defence Secretary welcomes final push for  Raqqa  
SDF control 90% of  Raqqa; fully take Al-Naim circle, once infamous  ISIS setting for public executions/murder.  defeatDaesh… 
UK is at the forefront of humanitarian effo s in  Iraq. Read here to find out progress in Ninevah (via  )…  
Last month,  Iraq-i schoolchildren celebrated the first reading festival in  Mosul since liberation  DefeatingDaesh…   
One Raqqawi explains why they would never accept  Daesh rule  Raqqa  DefeatingDaesh (via  )  
What happens when women are involved in the peace process?  The probability is that the peace will last longer  IraqiStabili…
These girls are just 3 of 1000s of children who have been liberated from  Daesh rule across  Iraq  
UKAid has provided food for 104,000+ people affected by  Daesh across  Iraq since 2014  WorldFoodDay  WFD2017   
UKAid has suppo ed over 26 million monthly food rations for people in need in  Syria and the surrounding regions  World…
UK works w/our pa ner   to suppo  safe spaces for women across  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh…   7jbIN
UK has trained 58,000  Iraq-i Security Forces inc. police to keep people safe from  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS   
A 2 MERCIAN officer teaches the next generation of Peshmerga instructors  DefeatDaesh  OneTeam  
.  keeping their skills &amp; drills sharp whilst deployed on operations in the  MiddleEast.    …
Under  Daesh, girls were not allowed to study. Today  Mosul University has been liberated &amp; girls are back in the c…   
Maryam speaks of her experience of  Daesh in  Raqqa (via  )  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
UK is proud that our   is leading the fight against  Daesh from the air  
New repo  by   finds  Daesh is funding their terror campaign in pa  from human trafficking   
“When they lost Mosul, they were broken”. The end of  Daesh is in sight (via  )   
“I want electricity, water, a telephone. That’d be enough”: civilians describe their hopes for  Raqqa after  Daesh   
.  explains the true meaning of jihad for women (via  )  
READ: one man’s incredible escape from  Daesh in  Syria (via  )  
In Syria, ‘women are driving peace-keeping effo s’: according to  . Read the repo  here:   
IOM Community Centres engage Iraq’s displaced, returnees+host communities in Peacebuilding to strengthen communities   
Daesh morale and cohesion are eroding as   &amp;    keep up the pressure  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Daesh fighters are ignoring their leader's call to fight to death and surrendering on masse, 1000+ nr Hawija    
.  interviews founder of   – a charity dedicated to suppo ing women in Duhok  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh   
Speed of  Daesh decline quickens at increasing rate as fighters no longer paid salaries or given food  
Cannot confirm death of ISIS propagandist Sally Jones as a result of a Coalition strike.   pursues  ISIS, regardless of… 
Great work from our pa ner   - helping to  defeatDaesh in  Syria and  Iraq  
If someone's behaviour appears suspicious - repo  it in confidence. You could be savings lives, Just ACT  ActionCount… 
One  Iraq-i woman is braving  Daesh booby-traps to protect her country's cultural heritage   
.  explains how  Daesh has twisted the meaning of the meaning of 'Khilafat' to fit their propaganda  
Local resistance to  Daesh was - and is - crucial in the fight against this terror group in  Iraq  
Protection of civilians is of utmost impo ance to  . Concern over  Daesh use of civilians as shields   
Girls across  Iraq are beginning their education again following  Daesh defeat  ISIS (via  )  
Displaced  Iraq-i kids gather for a picture with   staff members in the Laylan 2 Camp in  Kirkuk.
From Zaatari  refugee camp... paintings
As  Daesh defeat becomes inevitable, terror group claim women are 'obliged' to fight on the front lines    
Daesh fighters surrender in droves after fall of Hawija. UK congratulate resilience of ISF  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
As   continue to pressure Daesh in Syria, the   remain at the forefront of operations.   
SDF push forward against  Daesh in  Raqqa. Daesh defeat is in sight  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Growing trend of  Daesh surrenders despite al- Baghdadi message to fighters to fight to death  
1st day back to school 📸! These displaced boys just sta ed a new academic year at a UNICEF suppo ed school in Harsham cam…
Daesh will be held accountable for their crimes  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
A member of the Iraqi security forces looks at a target while directing a fellow trainer in marksmanship training at Camp  T…
Suppo  for stabilization of liberated areas is a strategic priority for    
In-fighting continues within senior  Daesh ranks w/Sharia judges in  Syria saying that the terror group is heading…  
Want to know more about what the UK is doing to  DefeatDaesh? Read more here:    
W/  ISIS gone,  Ramadi rebuilding. ~100   projects complete &amp; 85 underway: schools/clinics/utilities &amp;more, creating new j… 
Around 600   soldiers are on the ground in  Iraq, helping to train their forces  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS   
The total defeat of Daesh is imminent as Iraq’s Armed Forces prepare to liberate the towns of Qaim &amp; Rawa in Anbar province:…
Remember to RUN, HIDE, TELL. It could save your life during a gun or knife attack  ActionCountersTerrorism…   
.  finds that cities under  Daesh control have 23% reduced GDP  
UPDATE: approx. 80% of Raqqa is now cleared of  Daesh  .   is suppo ing w/ precision airstrikes  
UK has provided £13.2m to   to suppo  demining effo s in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
ICYMI   Office announced plans to crack down on  Daesh propaganda online  
Under  Daesh a s schools were banned, whilst bomb-making factories flourished. After  MosulLiberation a  is retur…   
Unknown - we are concerned.  ISIS deliberately targets civilians, endangers innocent life. Such cruelty strengthens resolve… 
As  ISIS is defeated/eliminated from cities, Iraqis return: 454k residents back to Fallujah, 419k to Ramadi, 280k to Mosul.… 
. , Syrian Civil Councils &amp; Intl Community doing a remarkable job in addressing IDP issues (1/2)   
Yes.  ISIS surrendering in DROVES, &gt;1000 this week.  Daesh not listening to hidden leader  Baghdadi   
Our mission is to  DefeatDaesh. Must have security before stabilisation can begin. Pa ners have provided £550m+ for stabili…
As Daesh devolves into insurgency we are preparing our pa ners for the lasting defeat of Daesh in Syria and Iraq (1/2) http…
has 73 members; to incl. Arab League; see   Nimitz Carrier Strike Group suppo s OIR from…
There is no set timeline. We will take as long as needed until  Daesh is defeated. In the last 3 years Daesh has lost ~85% o…
Our Q&amp;A w/  is now LIVE! Get your questions in via  AskOIRSpox  
Our Q&amp;A w/  is sta ing soon! Tweet  AskOIRSpox to join the conversation  
Ask   about the operation to  DefeatDaesh at 3pm. Tweet  AskOIRSpox  
.  has provided £11.27m for   Funding Facility for Stabilisation - watch below to see how this mon…  
Iraq Chief Justice Zidan discusses impo ance of bringing  Daesh to justice following UK-led &amp; historic  UN resolution @  UN…
The UK is providing Iraqi soldiers with skills &amp; training in suppo  of the campaign against  Daesh.  
UK has provided £209.5m to help those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq since 2014  DefeatingDaesh  IraqStabilization…  
Moslawi children are continuing their education and schooling after the  ISF liberated Ninewa from Daesh  
50  Daesh fighters killed in attack by  ISF. maintains pressure on this failing terror group  
Look forward to answering your Q's today about our fight against  ISIS. 3pm GMT; 5pm Iraq; 10am Eastern US.  Tweet us  AskOIRS…
Iraqi Forces liberate  Hawija, prove again they're a battle-hardened, professional force dedicated/capable of ridding their co… 
The   congratulates the Government of  Iraq and the  ISF on their swift and decisive victory vs.  ISIS in  Hawijah. @…
Disabling  Daesh-’s oil revenue is critical to their defeat. UK precision airstrikes suppo ing.  
Tmrw at 3pm   will be answering your questions on operations to  DefeatDaesh. Tweet  askOIRSpox to get invol…  
UPDATE:   has announced the defeat of  Daesh in Hawija  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
As  Daesh retreat, they desperately try &amp; destroy territory they once occupied   
British Mastiff vehicles suppo  counter  Daesh coalition operations in  Iraq    
.  &amp;   take all possible precautions to avoid civilian causalities. Read how we target  Daesh:   
A chance to quiz military spksprsn   on operations to defeat  Daesh in Iraq and Syria. This Friday, 3pm UK time (GMT)… 
After liberation from  Daesh, children are able to feel secure again across  Iraq  IraqStabilization   
ISF cont. to crush  ISIS in  Hawija pocket. PM Abadi pledge to   liberate all Iraqi territory and to cleanse it from terrorist… 
SDF consolidate position against  Daesh in  Raqqa – evidence terror group are using civilians as human shields  
Daesh burn their own headqua ers in  Iraq – sign of desperation &amp; chaos in the terror group  
With suppo  of   &amp;  UK, Iraqi forces recapture  Daesh-held areas near Hawija (via  )   
UK proudly suppo s the great work of   - ensuring that  Iraq-is can return home safely  DefeatingDaesh  
.  to tighten the law around watching  Daesh propaganda videos online – helping to tackle radicalisation  
Daesh claimed the  LasVegas Shooter as a 'Soldier.' Expe s Are Skeptical.   
To date FBI determines  LasVegas shooter has no connection to  Daesh.  Amaq is the propaganda arm of terrorists  
Daesh hijack the media to stay relevant. Don't help them by republishing their propaganda  LasVegas  
Our pa ner the UK has now given £13.2m to remove IEDs &amp; mines in Iraq: vital work to rebuild lives  
CoalitionProgress! The  ISF are retaking  Hawija and liberating those who're suffering under  ISIS.  DefeatDaesh  
The UK is playing a leading role in the air campaign against Daesh in suppo  of Iraq and the  ISF  
ISIS sets its own HQs on fire as they lose control in  Kirkuk  
In the past yr, UK pa ner  , has helped 9,000 people affected by  Daesh – providing shelter across Iraq…   
. , suppo ed by UK &amp;   pa ners, is committed to bringing communities back together after being…   
Today in  Tabqa, 20,000 children returned to school after three years living under  ISIS. We suppo  this proud city's st… 
Women paint inside Al-Khansaa School in  Fallujah, as pa  of   Iraq cash-for-work project. W/  ISIS gone, Iraqis begin to… 
Daesh produces propaganda.  Amaq is not a credible news source &amp; should not be republished  LasVegas  
Daesh-'s Amaq is not a credible news source  LasVegas  
We all have a responsibility to teach young people to ACT in a way which could save lives    Act…
RUN, HIDE, TELL: Advice that could save your life in a gun or knife terror attack.  ActionCountersTerrorism   
The UK is suppo ing Iraq in the fight against  Daesh. That includes helping to meet urgent humanitarian needs.  
Over 75% of  Raqqa in  Syria has now been cleared of  Daesh. UK suppo ing with precision airstrikes  DefeatingDaesh  
UK is suppo ing   to stabilise  Iraq as the last remaining  Daesh fighters are driven out…  
Work must be done to ensure the values of unity, compassion and tolerance triumph over  Daesh hate…   
Helping young people to stay safe - remember this simple advice: Run, Hide, Tell  ActionCountersTerrorism…   
In-fighting continues within senior  Daesh ranks w/Sharia judges in  Syria saying that the terror group is heading for extinction
Daesh cannot act with impunity - the people who have faced their brutality first hand should see them held to acco…  
.  committed to  DefeatingDaesh for the long term (via  )  
Daesh restricted the role of women in society. Now, w/  suppo , women are playing a leading role in rebu…   
‘Life is returning to normal’.  A simple phrase which means so much in post- Daesh  Iraq  IraqStabilization…  
UK is the second largest contributor to   military campaign to  DefeatDaesh  
.  provides practical advice to parents on how to talk to children about terrorism    
Remember to RUN, HIDE, TELL. It could save your life during a gun or knife attack  ActionCountersTerrorism…   
UK is suppo ing local communities across  Iraq who are beginning to rebuild their lives  DefeatingDaesh…  
.  finds that cities under  Daesh control have 23% reduced GDP   
Having escaped  DaeshRuin to safety, these junior health workers help spread awareness on hygiene in  Iraq-i  refugee camp… 
Researchers find that  Daesh hackers are incapable  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS (via  )  
Kurdish referendum: I urge all pa ies to remain calm &amp; work together to defeat Daesh. Iraq’s future lies in dialogue. UK…
Baghdadi purpo s to issue audio tape from deep hiding as 1000s of his recruits die in  Raqqa.  Sign of a weak, cowardly… 
UN resolution on  DaeshJustice, led by UK, is significant step in providing justice for victims of  Daesh atrocitie…   
Deputy Assistant Commissioner   on Run, Hide, Tell:   An impo ant discussion to have with young people    A… 
Today marks 3yrs of UK involvement in  DefeatingDaesh. UK has trained 58,000 Iraqi troops &amp; conducted 1500+ strikes…   
Daesh has now lost 73%+ of the territory it occupied in  Iraq &amp; 65% in  Syria  DefeatingDaesh  
Daesh are being pinned down by   as the UK marks 3 years of tackling the barbaric cult in Iraq &amp; Syria https:/…
Since 28 September 2014 the   has hit  Daesh with over 1,500 strikes in  Iraq &amp;  Syria, forcing them to retreat… 
The UK is the 2nd largest contributor to the   and has trained over 58,000 Iraqi troops in the last 3 years  defeat… 
Today's Defence in the Media blog includes coverage marking the three year anniversary of counter Daesh ops.  
Today marks 3 years since the sta  of Op SHADER. We'd like to thank all the British personnel who have and are working to…
The  UK, a  Coalition member is committed to the fight to  DefeatDaesh. Marking 3 years since the sta  of  OpSHADER   
In the last 3 years  Daesh has lost more than 73% of the territory it occupied in  Iraq and 65% of its former territory in  …
.  is rebuilding  Mosul-’s rich culture book by book  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
UK is committing £1m to establish a UN team to investigate  Daesh atrocities in  Iraq (via  )…  
.  corporal delivers a lesson on safe practice on the ranges to our  Iraq-i pa ners  DefeatingDaesh…  
UK is leading global campaign to tackle extremist content on the internet – inc.  Daesh propaganda (via  )  
My weekly statement is on the historic UN resolution to hold  Daesh to account for horrific crimes  
We are suppo ing the Government of  Iraq in helping peace and safety return to the country, so women can return to their no… 
The  Iraq-i government, with Coalition suppo , is using reconciliation to help rebuild communities torn apa  by  Daesh  Ir… 
UK has long history of ties with  Kurdish Region of Iraq. This will continue including cooperation in fight against  Dae…
Counter IED drills are critical to  DefeatDaesh. A 2 MERCIAN soldier ensuring  Iraq Border Guard Force have the necessa…
ICYMI - on Thursday   launched an offensive against  Daesh in Hawija  Iraq  
Suppo ing survivors of sexual violence in conflict &amp; ending stigma is a key priority for the UK in  Iraq…  
Work must be done to ensure the values of unity, compassion and tolerance triumph over  Daesh hate  UNGA…   
.  is suppo ing   to rid  Daesh from  Iraq for the long term through training of ISF  
Mosul residents recount their experiences of horrific life under  Daesh (via  )  
Over 500  UK   troops are on the ground helping our  Iraq-i pa ners to  defeatDaesh  ISIS  
In 2016, with suppo  from  ,   helped 600k vulnerable  Iraq-i children   
UK is working w/tech giants inc.   to remove hateful  Daesh propaganda from online  DefeatingDaesh  
Along with heavy territorial losses,  Daesh propaganda output has been severely reduced in both quality and quantity. 
Daesh cannot act with impunity - the people who have faced their brutality first hand should see them held to acco…  
UK is taking every possible measure to disrupt terrorist activity – w/increase of 68% terror arrests (via  )  
Children of  Iraq begin to heal the wounds created by  Daesh through play  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Interesting look into the motivators behind foreign fighters who join  Daesh  
Girls and boys are back to learning in Anbar  Iraq following  Daesh defeat (via  )  
I am humbled by the suppo  from many people
At  UNSC yesterday a resolution was adopted to bring  Daesh to justice. UK commits £1m to establish investigative team  …
Those who faced  Daesh brutality in Iraq + Syria, or who have been victims of its terror attacks, should receive ju…   
.  soldier provides marksmanship training to  Iraq-i soldiers  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
📸  UNGA Day 4:
Read Elias’s story of life under  Daesh. UK committed to suppo ing those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq   
Today at the  UNSC Resolution 2379/2017 was unanimously adopted - making sure  Daesh are held accountable for their crimes  …
UK: Resolution adopted to bring  Daesh to justice. UK commits £1 million to   to establish investigative team  UNGA https…
Bringing  Daesh  ISIS to justice will take time but we owe it to those who have suffered to press ahead…  
History at  UNGA.
Coming up:  UNSC to vote on UK resolution to bring  Daesh  ISIS to justice. Watch live here  
. , which the UK helps fund, has provided 4900+ life saving risk education sessions to over 127,000 people – i…   
We are clear that justice must be delivered for those who have been the victims of Daesh brutality.
. 's Kent Walker &amp;  GlobalInternetForumforCounte errorism  GIFCT rep. mentions its pa nership w/   to  preventI…
Global Internet Forum to Counter Terrorism at  UNGA speaking with    
The Global Internet Forum to Counter Terrorism now presenting at the UN - Livestream here:  
UNGA shows effo  to  DeleteTerrorism is truly global. Proud to pa ner w/  
.  proud to be founding pa ner of   working closely with the  GIFCT  …
Through collaboration with   the Global Internet Forum will reach 50 smaller tech companies this year @…
We'll stop at nothing to CTRL terrorist use of the internet.
PM talking now about preventing terrorist online content  UNGA  
LIVE now – watch the  UK co-hosted  UNGA event on preventing terrorist use of the internet:    
UK &amp; pa ners call for target of one to two hours to remove terrorist content  UNGA  
PM has announced fu her £40m suppo  for Libya at  UNGA
Watch live: Prime Minister Theresa May is speaking now at the United Nations General Assembly  UNGA  
The   thanks   and all our pa ners and friends for standing with the Iraqi people as they liberate and rebui…
PM to host a major  UNGA event on preventing terrorist use of the internet with   and  
During visit to Iraq
Def Sec visit underlines firm UK commitment to Iraqi's security. A strong UK-Iraq defence relationship is key to regiona…
World's media awaits  UNGA day 3. 🇬🇧 highlights include   UN speech, event on terrorism/internet, &amp;  UNSC p… 
Over 42,000 people displaced by the fighting in  Mosul have been provided with medical help from  , suppo ed by  … 
Def Sec emphasised UK recognition of ISF bravery. Also thanked UK troops for vital contribution as pa  of   to…
At  UNGA today 3 of our pa ners will co-host a meeting urging internet firms to stop spread of terrorist material  
DefenceInTheMedia: Potential medals for the campaign against Daesh feature prominently in the media today:  
.  Royal Engineer instructor teaches person search techniques to our  Iraq-i pa ners  DefeatingDaesh…  
This week world leaders gather at the   to discuss the biggest challenges facing the world. This is why it matters.  U…
Looking out for each other and being vigilant can save lives. If you suspect something, repo  it to police…   
PM at  UNGA is today urging internet firms to stop spread of terrorist material  
In NYC for  UNGA week, focus on finishing  ISIS, continuing stabilization, returning people home in liberated areas. http… 
.  has 1,400+ military personnel across the Middle East helping our pa ners to  defeatDaesh  ISIS   
Find out how our £209.5m commitment to  Iraq is helping those affected by  Daesh here: DefeatingDaesh  ISIS
A   medic teaches vital life-saving skills to  Iraq-i medics  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Life is slowly returning to  Mosul. UK recently committed an extra £40m in suppo  of humanitarian &amp; stabilisation…  
UK has committed £209.5m to suppo  people affected by  Daesh in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  
.  uncovers the horrific conditions in  Daesh-'s  Raqqa &amp; the horrors that children were forced to endure  
.  has deployed Reaper UAVs, 6 Typhoon jets &amp; 8 Tornados to help  DefeatDaesh 
3/3: For children in  Iraq affected by conflict, a little bit of love and suppo  goes a long way. 
If you see extremist content online repo  it. Don't delay, Just ACT. Visit    ActionCountersTer… 
ISIS is Cowardly.  
1/3: Children displaced by conflict in  Iraq have the right to play.
With PM Abadi last night, praised Iraqi victories against  ISIS and pa nership with  Peshmerga. All must remain focused… 
Last weekend, book lovers in Baghdad enjoyed reading as  Daesh continue to be driven out  of  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh   
.  has helped train 58,000 Iraq-i Security Forces in infantry, medical, engineering &amp; counter-IED skills…   
asked children in Iraq why education matters - watch how they answered via    IraqStabilization   
After 3yrs in  Daesh captivity, 13 y/o Emad is reunited with his mother in  Canada (via  )   
Truth through fiction: teens from  Hawija share experiences through collective storytelling.  childrenunderattack  
A   soldier oversees a lesson on urban operations to  Iraq-i Security Forces  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Iraqi Border Guard Force receives combat medical training from British pa ners;   helping train over 6.5k BGF soldiers…
An  Iraq-i border guard receives combat medical training from a colleague from pa ner the  UK via https…
The UK is a leading pa ner of the 73 member  , which is committed to  DefeatingDaesh. Find out more here:…   
Powerful long-read from   about  Daesh-'s atrocities against Yazidi women. UK suppo ing women via UN  
Daesh weapons expe  killed in airstrike (via  )  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
.  repo  on why  Daesh persecute Yazidis. UK committed to bringing  Daesh to justice   
5.5+ million people have been freed from  Daesh-'s rule across  Syria &amp;  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
.  asks women what is was like to live under  Daesh &amp; to now be liberated w/   
.  has conducted over 1500 strikes against  Daesh in  Syria &amp;  Iraq. Read more here:…  
New  Daesh recruitment drive for women reveals the desperation of the terror group (via  )   
We train all aspects of  Iraq-i combat forces including combat medics - so they can continue to  DefeatDaesh across Iraq  As…
2/2...While there are no timelines in war, much like  Ramadi,  Fallujah and  Mosul,  Daesh will be defeated wherever they ar… 
1/2 The   is committed to helping stabilise areas liberated from  Daesh so people can return to their home... AskOI…
2/2 stopping  Daesh financing and stopping foreign fighters. Read more on all lines of effo  in  DefeatingDaesh -   
1/2 The   is 73 pa ners working together across 5 lines of effo  - military, stabilisation, communications... Ask… 
.  is live now answering your questions for the next hour - tweet with  AskOIRSpox to ask yours  
Taking a  selfie with  Iraq security forces.   training Border Guard Force in  FirstAid.   working…
ISIS is surrendering and losing more territory.  
As   make progress in  DefeatingDaesh across  Syria &amp;  Iraq,  Daesh have become more desperate   
UK is largest donor to    Iraq Humanitarian Pooled Fund helping to improve livelihoods for women heads of househ…  
Today at 2pm UTC Col Ryan Dillon will be answering your questions. Use  AskOIRSpox to ask in English or visit   t…
Historic a efacts that  Daesh stole from  Mosul have been recovered  
61 schools in  Anbar have reopened, providing education to 18,000+ students - thanks to our pa ner the  US w/   I… 
Tomorrow, at 2pm UTC, Col Ryan Dillon ( )   spokesperson, will be LIVE answering your questions! Use  AskOIRSp… 
Daesh is losing ground with increasing speed across  Syria &amp;  Iraq (via  )  
Hea breaking stories from women &amp; children in Hammam al-Alil field hospital  Iraq which   proudly funds  
helping families to rebuild lives and livelihoods in former conflict-hit areas like  Falluja  
Daesh is ridden with internal disputes – with commanders paying foreign fighters their salaries but not local figh…  
After string of defeats,  Daesh faces retreat to the dese  (via  )   
.  uk is answering questions about Iraq. Get the latest stats on the UK's humanitarian suppo :  
Splits are growing within  Daesh over surrender of Kirkuk in  Iraq  
thjones: Resilience of people of  Iraq &amp;  Syria a lesson to us all as we get on with our lives https:/…
UK: Many thanks for questions. Deeply appreciate all committed to long-term peaceful future of Iraq. UK proud to play its p…
UK: Second visit to Iraq in 6 weeks underlines UK's commitment to the future of Iraq and its people post the Daesh conflict…
UK: Much time spent on my last visit encouraging dialogue already in existence. We urge continuing effo s to find common g…
UK: UK welcomes liberation of Tal Afar and congratulates ISF. Reconstruction next priority but everything will take time.  …
UK: UK suppo  goes through UN agencies. Second largest bilateral donor - latest announcement with an additional £4m for de…
UK: UK leading effo s with Iraq   to bring Daesh to justice. Focus of my visit and will be raised at  UNGA.  AskFCO http…
UK: We encourage Iraq's neighbours inc Iran to engage constructively and suppo  stable, democratic and prosperous Iraq.  A… 
UK: Returns are ultimate aim, stabilisation and reconstruction takes longer - UK in it for the long haul.  AskFCO 2/2 https… 
UK: Immediate priority is safety of IDPs. Proud of   £209m commitment to humanitarian aid.  AskFCO 1/2  
UK: 75% drop in Daesh propaganda output. UK proud to lead   comms effo .  AskFCO  
UK: Urging both Kurds and Baghdad to search for common ground and avoid any action which makes future of Iraq more difficul…
UK: The UK believes in a unified Iraq and is continuing to urge negotiation between Kurds and Baghdad pre 25/9.  AskFCO 1/2…
UK: Many in Iraq recognise failures of the past include secretarian hostility. Iraq's future bleak unless there's genuine r…
UK: Elections next year are critical to demonstrate Iraq wishes to become inclusive in a way not demonstrated in the past.…
UK: During recent visit raised impo ance critical IDPs inc minorities are able to return without obstruction.  AskFCO http…
UK: Essential that human rights remain protected. I raised this issue in my recent visit. PM &amp; Iraq Govt strongly agree.  A…
UK: UK recognises courage and sacrifice of those forces which have freed Iraqis from Daesh control.  AskFCO 1/2  
UK: Returns to East Mosul demonstrate commitment to see people back home. Conditions v different for West Mosul but determi…
UK: Impressed w/ determination of people to return to Mosul - 265k so far. Level of destruction on massive scale and will t…
UK: Recognise need for welfare and suppo  now following   effo s to find and free those captive.  AskFCO 2/2 htt…
UK: UK deeply concerned of position of Yazidis people. Playing leading role in bringing Daesh to justice for their brutalit…
UK: We recognise that long term suppo  needed for some who have been exposed to Daesh brutality esp children. UK will be l…
UK: Defeating Daesh more than a military campaign. Essential that Iraq seeks to win the peace with an inclusive political s…
Sta ing in 10mins   UK!  AskFCO to find out more about what the UK is doing to  defeatDaesh  ISIS  
This water treatment plant in  Mosul was sabotaged by  Daesh - but now it's working again thanks to an Iraqi-led project suppo…
In  Ramadi  Iraq 300,000 people have returned home &amp; 14,500 children are back in the classroom   
thjones: Privilege suppo ing pa ners in Iraq &amp; Syria liberate 2.8m people in last 13 months   https:…
Milestone.  SDF sieze Old City of Raqqa/Great Mosque, evacuate thousands of civilians held by  ISIS.  defeatDaesh   
The UK has contributed an additional £4m to suppo  explosive hazard management in newly retaken areas of  Iraq…  
Join   UK tmro  at 1:30pm to find out more about how the UK is suppo ing  Iraq  AskFCO  
As  Daesh is driven out, the govt of  Iraq is working with   pa ners to stabilise the country. But what is  IraqSt… 
Daesh are refusing to provide healthcare to civilians in  Raqqa in favour of their fighters  
ICYMI   is stepping up their contribution to the fight against  Daesh  ISIS  
Hopefully things will be better.   Commerce returns to post-ISIS Mosul   
As  Daesh continues to decline,  IraqStabilization is a priority. Find out how pa ners are helping via 
Want to know more about how the UK is helping  Iraq  defeatDaesh? Ask   UK on Wed at 1:30pm - tweet…  
UN study has found that foreign terrorist fighters have left   disillusioned &amp; disappointed   from  Syria 
.  writes for   - 'Aid saves lives and stops problems reaching our shores   
Desperate for money,  Daesh have introduced a new tax on farmers for every 40 cows, buffalos &amp; camels in  Hawija   
UKAid has suppo ed 11.3 million children such as Ahmad in primary &amp; secondary education  FirstDayofSchool  BritainHelps…
Get your questions on UK suppo  to  Iraq answered by   UK. Wednesday at 1:30pm.  AskFCO to get involved!  
Great images showing how  Mosul is slowly coming back to life (via  )  
Daesh has detonated water towers in  Raqqa, cutting the supply to the city so civilians are forced to drink from t…   
MAP:  Daesh have lost 73% of the territory they once controlled in  Iraq &amp; 65% in  Syria    
UK pa ner   is helping families in Ramadi &amp; Fallujah rebuild their homes following  Daesh defeat  
Daesh are terrorists &amp; do not provide governance or stability  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Get involved &amp; ask   UK about what   is doing to help  Iraq. Wednesday at 1:30pm  AskFCO  
Daesh have no humanity - forcing child fighters to the front lines in  Raqqa  
Here, our pa ner the UK, conduct a theory lesson w/ their  Iraq-i pa ners - helping them to  defeatDaesh   
WATCH:   talks about  DefeatingDaesh from the air  ISIS  
UK steps up commitment to countering Daesh with 44 additional Royal Engineers to Al Asad. Read more:  
If you see extremist content online, repo  it. Just ACT    ActionCountersTerrorism  DefeatingDaesh   
Wishing all of our pa ners, their families, and followers who are celebrating, a very happy  Eid al-Adha.   
Daesh have tried to raise the morale of their fighters in  Raqqa by telling them  fakenews about the city’s fronts  
2 MERCIAN Battlegroup on Op SHADER celebrate the 10th Anniversary of    standfirmstrikehard  
40,000sqkm of territory has been liberated from  Daesh in  Iraq - this is comparable to the size of Switzerland…   
PM:   I send my warmest wishes to Muslims around the world, and here in the UK, who are celebrating Eid al-Adha this week.  … 
Defence Secretary congratulates Prime Minister Abadi and the Iraqi Security Forces on the liberation of  TalAfar  
UK is leading member of   - helping to  defeatDaesh across  Iraq &amp;  Syria  
Another victory for the Iraqi Armed Forces as PM   declares the city of Tal Afar fully liberated from Daesh: ht…
I salute our ma yrs, our injured and their families whose sacrifices have made this and other victories possible. Ninev… 
Our brave Armed Forces have liberated Tal Afar and the Iraqi flag is once again flying high in Nineveh province
Mosul-’s tattoo a ists enjoy new freedoms following  Daesh defeat  ISIS  
Find out what   are doing to  defeatDaesh here:    ISIS  
Advice that could save your life during an attack: Run, Hide, Tell.  ActionCountersTerrorism   
MAP:  Daesh have lost 73% of the territory they once controlled in  Iraq &amp; 65% in  Syria  
Daesh indoctrinate children through their warped view of education  ISIS  
I don't know how to read or write, I only know how to draw the sky, the sea &amp; the sun   Fares, 6, from  Syria 
ISF clear more than 85%  TalAfar; 950+ km2 in 9 days...Decisive, Formidable.  ISIS continues to lose, on the run, on the rope… 
UK is helping tackle people trafficking &amp; terrorism in  Libya – w/£3m suppo  to remove  Daesh mines…  
Daesh are executing civilians as they desperately run to the advancing ISF in  TalAfar  
UK welcomes opening of  Iraq- Jordan border crossing. Positive step for bilateral relations, trade &amp; regional stability. http… 
Good a icle on what the EU is doing to  DefeatDaesh (via  )  
UK pa ner   is helping the people of  Mosul bring their city back to life  DefeatingDaesh  
ISF have liberated 85%+ of  TalAfar &amp; have sta ed back clearance operations  DefeatingDaesh  
ISIS cruelty/desperation/cowardice on display in Raqqa &amp; Tal Afar: Hid among civilians as protection from ISF/Coalition strike…
From conflict to classroom -  Mosul university is abuzz with students as life continues to return via    
If you spot extremist or terrorist content online repo  it. You can make a difference  ActionCountersTerrorism https:…
“ Daesh are on the path to defeat” -   hjones    
Harrowing insight into the lives that  Daesh tried to destroy in  Mosul (via  )   u
Daesh in  TalAfar: “more fractured, less robust” - thanks to pressure from ISF &amp;   
Yaida used to work as a professor at  Mosul university until  Daesh took over (via  )  
Mosul residents recount their experiences of horrific life under  Daesh (via  )  
UK is working w/  to bring  Daesh to justice. Here we teach local police how to preserve evidence in count…  
UPDATE:  Daesh-'s propaganda output has decreased by 48% since peak production in 2016  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
.  is delivering medical assistance,non-food items &amp; shelter to IDPs from  TalAfar - thanks in pa  to…   
If you see extremist content online, repo  it. Just ACT    ActionCountersTerrorism   
Check out how  UK is working with other   countries to  DefeatDaesh  ISIS    
UK General   hjones discusses  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS (via  )  
In retreat,  Daesh has left IEDs to maim civilians. UK has contributed nearly £10m to   to help  DefeatDaesh   
UK: Glad to see our   pa ners   driving Daesh out of  Lebanon and reaffirming Lebanese sovereignty…
Six-year-old Nour isn't letting Syria's civil war stop her from achieving her dream of being a world-champion karate mast…
302  ISIS militants killed in  TalAfar as  Iraqi forces retake more areas.  
ICYMI UK is suppo ing   on UN resolution to bring  Daesh to justice  DefeatingDaesh  
If you're at a festival this  bankholidayweekend have a great time &amp; stay safe  ActionCountersTerrorism  
Only a united Libya can defeat the terrorists and smuggling networks.   
Desperate  Daesh use drugs to cope with conditions in  Raqqa  DefeatingDaesh  
Great news! 12yr old Yadizi Emad has been reunited with his family in Canada  DefeatingDaesh    h7vVcSs
Update:  Daesh have now lost 73% of territory they controlled  in  Iraq in Aug 2014, and 65% of territory in Syria - 
UK has pledged £9m+ to help tackle people trafficking &amp; terrorism in  Libya – inc. £4m to remove  Daesh mines  
Daesh attacks on oil plants show the terror group have no regard for human life or the environment  ISIS  
Libya is the front line for many challenges which left unchecked can pose problems for us in the UK. vis… 
Desperate  Daesh fighters are shooting themselves in the leg &amp; claiming they were injured on the battlefield to esc…  
On Sunday  Iraq launched offensive to  DefeatDaesh in  TalAfar. UK is suppo ing w/training &amp; air suppo   ISIS  
.  is working w/  to bring  Daesh to justice for their crimes  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
UK expe s delivered a training course for local police in Erbil on 21-22 Aug on how to preserve evidence in counter-terroris…
Researchers find that  Daesh fighters are “heavily abusing” drugs (via  )   
UK is suppo ing reconstruction of  Mosul – recently increasing our suppo  to   by £40m  DefeatingDaesh  
Great piece by  . UK stands together &amp; with our global   pa ners against terror  DefeatingDaesh  
Daesh recruitment officer killed in  TalAfar  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
ISF make good progress in  TalAfar 60hrs into the campaign (via  )  
With SECDEF Mattis &amp; LTG Townsend earlier today.  Mosul completed.  Raqqa 60 percent cleared.  TalAfar surrounded. 5.5 mi…
If you see extremist of terrorist content online: Repo  it. Just ACT. Visit    ActionCountersTe…
Key water treatment plant reopens in  Mosul,providing water to 300,000people in 24 neighbourhoods    … 
Daesh have lost control of their media releases - recent  Amaq content contains pixelated video &amp; crackly audio  
In recent months,  Daesh-'s propaganda output has severely reduced in both quality &amp; quantity   
Daesh fighters feel dese ed. al-Baghdadi has gone underground. The bulks of his lieutenants are dead.
Daesh are on the path to defeat. Our pa ners in  Iraq &amp;  Syria have momentum
This pressure from is translating into progress on the ground in  Raqqa
This week alone conducted 250 strikes on  Daesh tunnels, mo ar systems and positions in  Raqqa 
In  Ramadi  Iraq, 300,000 people have returned home. 14,500 children are back in the classroom  DefeatingDaesh 
.  thjones: 40,000 sqkm of territory has been liberated from  Daesh in  Iraq - this is comparable to the size of Switzerland 
.  thjones   the ISF have made a positive sta  so far in  TalAfar but we should expect it to be a tough fight  DefeatingDaesh
We'll be live tweeting from Coalition briefing w/  thjones   - tune in now to find out about our progress in  De…
A Sergeant from   training  Peshmerga in the  kurdishregion as pa  of the  coalition.  DefeatingDaesh h…
Vigilance saves lives. Repo  concerns to police &amp; help make the difference. 📺 Full Video:    Ac…
Thank you Esme, Charlotte, Steve and all the UK  aidheroes working around the world  WorldHumanitarianDay 
You know, Islam is about justice and peace but inside  Daesh there is no justice and no peace   
UK &amp;  KRG working together on police capacity building &amp; tackling terrorist threats.  
We provide expe  guidance &amp; resources for businesses and the security industry. Subscribe to our YouTube:  
Iraq launches offensive to  defeatDaesh in  TalAfar.   suppo s w/ training, equipping, intel, precision fires &amp; comba… 
The  ISF has begun the offensive to liberate Tal Afar from  ISIS control. MORE:    
WATCH: 4 men who rescue Yazidi women from  Daesh  
UK has provided cash assistance via   to nearly 700 families from  Mosul since liberation from  Daesh  
Daesh are desperate – conscripting young men to their front lines in  DeirEzZor
Daesh in dispute over who is considered a Muslim - causing friction &amp; division within ranks  
UK pa ner   is helping families in  Ramadi &amp;  Fallujah rebuild their homes following  DaeshDefeat  ISIS  
SDF is working to clear  Raqqa as soon as possible to protect civilians from  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  
.  repo  on why  Daesh persecute Yazidis. UK committed to bringing Daesh to justice for their crimes   
.  speaks to   about  DefeatingDaesh
Great images showing how  Mosul is slowly coming back to life (via  )  DefeatingDaesh  
80+ schools have reopened in W. Mosul - allowing almost 60,000 students to return to the classroom  DefeatingDaesh   
To the west of Mosul, the  Coalition continues to suppo  the  ISF as they reset &amp; prepare for follow-on operations in the Nin… 
The Syrian Democratic Forces have cleared about 55% of Raqqah.  DefeatDaesh
UK is committed to bringing  Daesh to justice for their atoricites  DaeshJustice  ISIS  
Last week   saw first-hand how  UK financial &amp; technical assistance is suppo ing the Iraqi-led recovery in…  
We are providing £209.5m to suppo  all those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
UK is leading pa  of the 73 member   committed to  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Trafficking in humans, including little girls, is among the many inhuman and brutal sources of income for  Daesh 
500+   soldiers are in  Iraq training their forces to  DefeatDaesh  ISIS  
ISIS is rejected by Muslims.  ISIS is failing  
.   UKaid is helping people affected by the conflict inside  Syria
Daesh in dispute over who is considered a Muslim - causing friction &amp; division within ranks  
Join us live on Facebook with  CJTFOIR Spokesman Col Ryan Dillon updating Pentagon Press Corps on ops in  Iraq &amp;  Syria Wed at…
A closer look at how  Daesh &amp; other terror group are weaponising women &amp; girls  
Royal Signals setting up equipment to allow communications across the Battle Group in  Iraq  -OIR    …
After 3 yrs of conflict in  Mosul, these little children are back to school at last!   v    … 
In Tikrit, liberated in April 2015 – nearly all of the IDPs who depa ed the city – more than 95% -- have returned. 
Appalled by targeted &amp; heinous murders of heroic White Helmets volunteers. Their deaths a huge loss for their families, S… 
Last week   visited E.Mosul &amp; met local leaders &amp; reviewed progress on UK-funded stabilisation, humanitaria…   
In Fallujah,  , which the UK helps fund, has cleared 5million+ sqm allowing rebuilding to begin safely…   
Emotional footage shows the moment hundreds of Afghan hostages were released by the Taliban and Islamic State  
A  UK soldier trains a Peshmerga soldier in  IED confirmation in Erbil,  Iraq.  CJTFOIR  BPC missions ensure a ready force to… 
An Engineer   from 2 MERCIAN Battlegroup teaching  Iraqis how to DEFEAT  Daesh IEDs    …
physicaltraining is critical. A 2 MERCIAN soldier improvises  GHDsitups for  Peshmerga to prepare them to fight  Daesh…
After the defeat of  Daesh, Moslawis are rebuilding their city &amp; lives   
Great to see that life is returning to normal in East  Mosul  
UK is funding emergency Gender Based Violence services to women &amp; girls affected by  Daesh in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  
Update from   on  DefeatingDaesh, degrading their finances &amp; rebuilding  Iraq 
. , which the UK helps fund, has provided 4900+ life saving risk education sessions to over 127,000 people – i…   
As UK &amp;    DefeatDaesh on the battlefield, they turn to underground criminal networks    
UK has provided cash assistance via   to nearly 700 families from  Mosul since liberation from  Daesh  
WATCH: 4 men who rescue Yazidi women from  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  
90%+ of families who fled E.  Mosul due to  Daesh have returned to the city  DefeatingDaesh  
5 million people have now been liberated from  Daesh control &amp; 2 million people have returned home in  Iraq…  
Want to know what the UK is doing to  DefeatDaesh? Read more here:    
Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley talks to Radio 4's Today Programme.  
.  mark a year of work in  Fallujah removing  Daesh explosives, suppo ed by Coalition pa ners. See more:   
UK earmarks another $5.2 million, raising its overall contribution to rebuilding Iraq to $15 million 
E.  Mosul is showing signs of recovery following  Daesh defeat. UK will continue to help stabilise the city  
UK is the largest donor to the UN’s Iraq Humanitarian Pooled Fund which gives access to livelihoods for female head…  
SDF forces link-up 🤜🤛 East-West axes in  Raqqa
Scared of the  ISF,  Daesh fighters desperately try &amp; buy their way out of Tal Afar  Iraq    
ISIS IS losing and will CONTINUE to lose under the pressure of our pa ner forces &amp; the Coalition until they're defeated in Ir…
⚽️+👮=👍 Football Season Kick Off: Do you know the game plan? Tactics to keep you safe  ActionCountersTerrorism  
SDF are making progress against  Daesh in  Raqqa despite 100s of  Daesh IEDs   
Listen to   discuss the campaign to  DefeatDaesh w/  on    
230 new members have graduated into  Raqqa Internal Security Force – helping to secure a  Daesh-free  Raqqa  
UK is at forefront of humanitarian &amp; stabilisation response in  Iraq - committing £209.5m  DefeatingDaesh  
A 2 MERCIAN officer   training  Peshmerga officers to make a tactical plan and deliver orders  picturepaints…
We're pa  of   to ensure the stunning night sky in  Iraq is a sign of peaceful times ahead for this country  LifeAfte…
2/2 life returning to normal due to Iraqi resilience. &amp;UK assistance helping suppo  Iraqi-led recovery.  
A   Tornado GR4 jet prepares for a counter  Daesh mission  Globalbritain  
1/2 UK delegation visits East  Mosul to see progress on humanitarian, stabilisation &amp; security priorities   
Join us live on Facebook with  CJTFOIR Spokesman Col Ryan Dillon updating Pentagon Press Corps on ops in  Iraq &amp;  Syria Thurs…
Man's best friend takes on   in  Iraq  
UK is one of the leading international donors continuing to respond to  Syria's dire humanitarian crisis, now affecting 18… 
The RAF are continuing to take the fight to Daesh in Iraq and Syria. Read our latest strike update here:  
Daesh are in disarray - riddled with infighting and scared of using their own communications devices  
Technology is being used to remember, restore and protect cultural heritage in  Mosul   
.  instructor from the Royal Engineers watches on as the  Iraq-i Army Engineer School practice sandbag con…  
Last month as  ISF liberated last few km of  Mosul,  Daesh leadership abandoned their fighters by swimming down the Tigris 
W/suppo  from  , the  Iraq-i Ministry of Health have launched a protocol to assist sexual violence survivors…   
UK translated the int’l protocol on investigation of sexual violence in conflict into Kurdish to suppo  Yazidi women affected by  Daesh
.  helps 1000s of displaced women from  Mosul through provision of reproductive health services  
Daesh fighter reveals atrocities he committed against women &amp; children in cou  trial (via  )  
As largest donor to    Iraq Humanitarian Pooled Fund UK has provided protection for women &amp; girls among IDPs &amp; ho…  
Fast Fact: 350,000 children are now back in school in  Mosul, with 58,800 learning again in the western pa  of the city.  Aft… 
UK soldiers provide lessons in marksmanship to our  Iraq-i pa ners  DefeatingDaesh  
In 2016, with suppo  from  ,   helped 600k vulnerable  Iraq-i children 
ICYMI   visited Silicon Valley to encourage tech to do more against terrorist content online  
Around 600,000 children are attending school across  Mosul following  Daesh defeat (via  )   
Iraq-i Ministry of Health launches National Action Plan on reproductive, maternal, newborn &amp; child health  …   
.  repo er reveals his experience volunteering as a  Daesh suicide bomber (via  )  
UK is largest donor to    Iraq Humanitarian Pooled Fund helping to improve livelihoods for women heads of househ…  
Interesting a icle on how   &amp;   can ensure  Daesh defeat for the long term  
.  asks women what is was like to live under  Daesh &amp; to now be liberated w/    
Iraq-i General anticipates the battle ahead in Tal Afar. UK will suppo    to  DefeatDaesh   
A   Sentinel R1 flew home yesterday after 8 weeks away suppo ing the   fight against Daesh  
UK Chief of Defence Staff Sir Stua  Peach talks to media about UK suppo  to  Iraq in fight against  Daesh &amp; recognition of…
UK Brigadier Gareth Collett discusses the challenges of overcoming  Daesh IEDs.  UK committed to suppo ing the sta…  
UK is suppo ing women across  Iraq through projects which help to tackle the stigma associated with sexual violenc…  
Daesh brainwashes children, gives them drugs &amp; forces them on the frontline. UK committed to  DefeatingDaesh   
Royal Engineers from   teach Iraqi Security Forces how to avoid tripwire booby traps  
The Coalition killed ISIS leaders involved in directing external operations and bomb making directed at regional and Western t…
Abu Futtum, an ISIS explosives specialist, and one his associates were killed in an airstrike July 13 near Mayadin, Syria. 
Productive couple of days in Silicon Valley where the big internet companies agreed to step up the fight against online te…
Read about how our pa ner   helps children like Meriam reunite w/ their families following  Daesh defeat  
Since April,   surgeons have performed 476 operations &amp; treated 6,200+ outpatients in  Iraq field hospitals whic…   
UK helping   implement their National Action Plan on Women, Peace and Security - inc. suppo ing women &amp; g…   
Daesh have caused horrific psychological &amp; physical abuse to women across  Iraq. UK committed to  DefeatingDaesh
UK trainers are enhancing the abilities of the  ISF during a combat engineering training course.  
Daesh have left behind a bitter
Indiscriminate use of  IEDs goes against basic tenets of Intl Humanitarian Law &amp; basic tenets of human decency.  …
UK has committed to spend $129 million over next 3 yrs to tackle problem of  IEDS, explosive remnants of war &amp;  landmines… 
After wars end,  landmines, cluster munitions &amp; explosive remnants of war remain. UK proud to be 1 of the top 3  … 
UK will continue to play central role in disrupting &amp; dismantling  Daesh financing  DefeatingDaesh  
Daesh treat women as disposable prope y - auctioning women &amp; girls off to the highest bidder  
UK proud to provide £10m+ to   in suppo  of their life-saving work for children affected by  Daesh  
Mohammed was forced to flee  Mosul without his family as  Daesh terrorised his city   
Girls across  Iraq are getting back to school following  Daesh defeat  
Suppo ing survivors of sexual violence in conflict &amp; ending stigma is a key priority for the UK in  Iraq…  
Daesh subjugates women. Should one refuse the requests of a Daesh fighter, she is accused of an honor crime &amp; killed 
Daesh wife speaks to   about how she was forced to join the terror group after she thought she going on holiday   
Escaped wives of  Daesh fighters reveal their experiences of the terror group &amp; why it doesn't represent Islam  
The UK condemns the appalling terrorist attack on the Iraqi embassy in  Kabul.Our thoughts are w/victims &amp; their families  …
.  spends her bi hday w/ Yazidi girls who were forced to live under  Daesh   
UK has over 500 soldiers on the ground helping to train our  Iraq-i pa ners - 58,000 to date.   
UK Royal Engineers from  's 101 Engineer Regiment  EOD, teach ISF how to avoid tripwire activated IEDs.  OneMissio… 
Daesh are becoming increasingly desperate for funds – turning to the drug trade as a source of income  
Security situation is stabilising in  Mosul. Last Tues marked the first day there were no ISF casualties since  MosulOps began
Captured  Daesh   wives   relate tales of the terror group's oppression in  Raqqa  Syria 
The SDF have retaken 45% of  Raqqa from  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  
One  Iraq-i geologist is working to restore  Mosul-’s historical sites which were destroyed by  Daesh  
Coalition trains  Iraq-i Security Forces. 109K: Army
The Coalition is committed to training our  Iraq-i pa ners - here, a soldier from the UK delivers medical training. Image v… 
Hea breaking story of Souhayla, 16yo Yazidi girl who suffered from 3yrs under  Daesh (via  )   
According to  Daesh documents, foreign fighters are dese ing in droves and refusing to fight via 
SYRIA: UK Gov is one of the leading international donors continuing to respond to the dire humanitarian crisis now affe…
Read a statement from   on   progress:   
UK suppo ing   to stabilise Mosul through £209.5m contribution  DefeatingDaesh  
Daesh are in disarray - a female member has fled after stealing from the terror group  ISIS  
.  has delivered 500,000+ polio vaccines to children in  Raqqa &amp;  DeirEzzor as pa  of their week-long campaign   
Massive drop in IEDs due to  Daesh ineffectiveness &amp; increased ability to counter IEDs (thanks to UK training)   
Daesh are in organisational disarray – riddled w/infighting &amp; internal discord  DefeatingDaesh…  
Interesting look on how countries across the world are tackling returning  Daesh fighters  
UK funding to Iraq now totals £209.5m – helping rebuild the lives of all those affected by  Daesh   DefeatingDaesh  
Powerful images from the fight for  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh (via  )  
.  UK medic delivers basic medical training to our  Iraq-i pa ners  DefeatingDaesh  
COMING SOON: new documentary about life under  Daesh in  Raqqa  
LISTEN:   speaks to   about how they are helping families affected by radicalisation  
Iraq-i teens discuss living under  Daesh &amp; their plans for the future  DefeatingDaesh  
AbdElRahman pulled his children out of school when  Daesh changed the curriculum. After witnessing their actions, he fled… 
W/ suppo  of  , children in al-Shahama camp in Salah al-Din raise awareness about impo ance of water conservation.… 
Last week DefMin met    &amp;   staff at the Combined Air Operations Center in the Middle East to learn a…
There have been no strikes by the Coalition in Mosul for nearly two weeks now.
.  kills founder of  Daesh-’s propaganda wing – helping to disrupt the spread of their evil propaganda  
Great story! One garage in  Iraq is helping to change the perception of women in society    
Syrians: Latest  Suppo Syrians  syriaconf2017 conference financial tracking repo  and co-hosts statement published:  
Image of busy markets in W  Mosul by   thjones - we will  suppo  the Gov of  Iraq as they bring life back to the city…
UK continues to be a leading donor to Syria crisis. 70% of our  SyriaConf2017 pledge already delivered. Latest rept:  
thjones: Proud to serve with  CJTF Command Sergeant Major Jones in the fight against Da'esh. True leader &amp; ultimate professional…
📻 Listen to Scott Wilson, National Coordinator for Protect &amp; Prepare, discussing  RunHideTell on   sho ly  Ac… 
To ure.
The UK is providing £209.5m to help all those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq &amp; help stabilise the country…  
UK proud to be a leading member of   - committed to  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
“Without territory ... [ Daesh] will only ever be a shadow of its former self.” (via  )  DefeatingDaesh  
Soldiers   in suppo  of   at Camp  AlAsad. 2 Rifles were there to replace the 4th Scots after a 6mo depl…
We use our extensive network &amp; influence to engage with countries &amp; int'l fora to protect &amp; promote religious freedom &amp; b…
A 2 MERCIAN NCO contributes to   by training  peshmerga in target identification  …
Daesh are in disarray – blaming their defeat in  Mosul on ‘treason’ by their own fighters  
Yazidis women have created a religious ceremony to help heal the wounds created by  Daesh (via  )  
Iraq:   I love to play volleyball with my old friends!   Noor 
17yo girl at cou  today charged with communicating with Daesh fighter in Syria, arranging to receive weapons, train &amp;… 
Have a question for me on how we work to protect freedom of religion or belief? Tweet it to  AskFCO before my live Q&amp;A to…
Life in Qaraqosh  Iraq begins to return to normal now  Daesh have been defeated  DefeatingDaesh  
As recovery from  Daesh continues in  Iraq, a bank opens in  Fallujah   
Iraq-i women remove veils after liberation from  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  
Yazidi boy hopes to be reunited with his mother in  Canada following his rescue by  ISF from  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  
Syrian dancer, Ahmad, dances in Paris in bid to erase the horrors of  Daesh   
Question for Minister   about  FreedomOfExpression ?
300 stabilisation projects are already underway in  Mosul including 70 in W.  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  
Question for Minister   about our work to eradicate  To ure ?
.  Fallon: UK equipped to deal w threats abroad &amp; praises  -’s role in  DefeatingDaesh  
Great sta  from  . UK will continue to push tech companies to counter violent extremism online  
Want to know more about our  HumanRights work?
UK is suppo ing survivors of sexual &amp; gender-based violence through UN’s  Iraq Humanitarian Pooled Fund  
The RAF are continuing to take the fight to Daesh in Iraq and Syria. Read the latest strike statement here:  
Horrific stories detailing life under  Daesh in  Raqqa  
UK works to fu her human rights around the world incl. bringing  Daesh to justice for atrocities  DaeshJustice…  
UK &amp;   are suppo ing the stabilisation of  Mosul through training of  ISF who are making the city safe ag…  
With UK suppo 
ISIS is crumbling in  Raqqa  
UK committed to stabilisation of  Mosul, w/  recently announcing an extra £40m in funding to  Iraq    
UK has trained 58,000+  Iraq-i soldiers in counter-IED. 200,000m2 has already been cleared in  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh   
In  Mosul,   have now given over 85k people education sessions on the dangerous explosives left by  Daesh   
Now  MosulisFree,   is working to stabilise the city - and people are able to return to their homes   
Hard work happening every day to repair  Mosul water treatment plants
I love to play vollyball with my old friends!   After 3 long years 
thjones: Children outside IDP camp no h of  Raqqah.  CJTF defeating ISIS to secure them the future they deserve    …
UK is a leading member of    
UK have stepped up, providing an extra £40m in funding to  Iraq – this takes our total commitment to £209.5m   
Since sta  of  MosulOps   has delivered emergency response packages to 3.3m beneficiaries…  
Women who moved to  Daesh-held  Raqqa tell their stories: “We were looking for paradise but all we got was hell”  
UK is the counter-IED training lead for  . To date, over 1.7 million metres2 of land has been made safe i…   
UPDATE -  Daesh have now lost 73% of the territory they once controlled in  Iraq &amp; 58% in  Syria  
Yazidi mother &amp; now refugee in Canada discovers her 12yo son in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh (via  )  
Hear the stories of three women who suffered under the brutal rule of  Daesh via    
Now  MosulisFree  , w/suppo  from UK &amp;  , is stabilising the city so people can return home…   
Stories of hea ache &amp; hope from those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq (via  )   
Daesh are being forced to rethink their finances due to successful counter-finance effo s by    
As  Iraq-is begin to rebuild their lives free from  Daesh,   explores the challenges they face   
On 10 July,  Iraq-i PM Abadi announced the liberation of  Mosul - watch how the operation unfolded via 
.  explains why  Daesh-’s use of female suicide bombers is significant in relation to Daesh decline  
Lifesaving  UKAid to  Mosul will continue to provide people with clean drinking water, food, tents, cooking equipment, so… 
Daesh are divided - brides flee  Raqqa after learning of terror group’s hypocrisies &amp; lies  
Those responsible for managing public services in  Raqqa have fled.  Daesh fail to provide even basic services for…  
UK will continue to suppo  our pa ners in  DefeatingDaesh in  Syria &amp;  Iraq  ISIS  
LIVE from the   Security Council unanimously  passes resolution extending sanctions on  Daesh &amp; Al-Qaeda.  terrorism h…
General   thjones explains how UK forces suppo  the fight against  Daesh as pa  of    OneMissionManyNations…
The liberation of  Mosul after a long fought campaign represents a vital milestone in the battle against  Daesh in  Iraq.…
UK takes action to fu her human rights around the world. This includes work to bring  Daesh to justice for crimes in  Iraq @…
Off on holiday?☀️🏖️Remember this simple advice &amp; help keep your family safe if there's an incident: Run, Hide, Tell  A… 
Now  MosulisFree, the hard work continues to stabilise the city – the   are committed to getting services…   
Yazidis teens share their hopes for the future with    DefeatingDaesh  
Now  MosulisFree, increasing numbers of children are able to get back to school as   leads the rebuilding…   
.  UK visited Iraq this week after the collapse of  Daesh in  Mosul – a major step forward in the global fight…
UNICEF trucks +1 mil L of water/day to neighborhoods in W Mosul. Thanks,   for helping us keep water flowing into th… 
Last week,   gave an update to Parliament on our effo s to  DefeatDaesh – read more here…   
On Mon,   announced funding of £2m for research into keeping people safe in crowds  DefeatingDaesh…   
Did you know you can now find us on  ? Subscribe to our channel for videos on life after  Daesh  
Last week,   announced a fu her £4m for   to suppo  stabilisation effo s in  Mosul…   
Last week   met in Washington D.C to discuss  DefeatingDaesh – read an update on progress here…  
As  Daesh debts rise, the terror group can no longer feed their fighters in  Kirkuk  DefeatingDaesh   
PM Al-Abadi spoke with British Prime Minister May earlier today who offered her congratulations on Mosul liberation
Amazing girls who told us they want to be doctors
.  pa ner forces are making continued progress against  Daesh in  Raqqa, as this map (correct as of 17.07) shows v… 
Read stories of 3 women who experienced life under  Daesh  
The liberation of  Mosul was significant but there’s still more to do to  DefeatDaesh  
PM spoke to Prime Minister of Iraq   today. Read more:  
Children of  Mosul suffer deep psychological wounds:  's Maulid Warfa speaks to  
Joy and tears for families reunited in  Mosul:   - via  
Inspiring to see  Mosul University come back to life. UNDP's  IraqStabilization providing generators, deploying teams to re… 
“Arigato! We love everything about Japan!” These twins from  Mosul hid phones for years before city was retaken to watch Ja…
The UK has added $5.2 million more to IraqStabilization Fund. Money will go directly toward immediate projects i…
After the defeat of  Daesh in  Mosul by  ISF, we must now turn to the urgent political, economic and humanitarian challenges… 
Mosul authorities prioritized reopening the schools to resume regular  education.    conducted Risk Education sessions in…
Watch   brief on  CoalitionProgress in defeating  Daesh as our 73 pa ners met in  Washington last week  
The RAF are continuing to take the fight to Daesh in Iraq and Syria. Read more here:    
The UK is sending lifesaving aid to help the people of  Mosul rebuild their homes, their city and their lives   
UK: Visiting Iraq was an impo ant oppo unity for me to congratulate Iraqi leaders, security forces, and all Iraqis, on th… 
ICYMI   announced a fu her £40m to suppo  those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq. This will provide water, she…   
.  will continue to help train  Iraq-i Security Forces so we are able to  DefeatDaesh for the long term  
1 million people have returned home to areas in  Iraq where   is funding projects  DefeatingDaesh (image via…  
Thanks to Iraqi government for hosting Minister   UK. Visit shows UK &amp;  Iraq strong pa ners in fight vs int'l ter…
UK leads  -’s effo s to counter  Daesh-’s propaganda. Last yr their propaganda output dropped by 75%…  
More than 350,000 children have returned to school in  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  MosulIsFree   
The UK is a leading member of  . Find out more about how we are  DefeatingDaesh here:…  
4.2 million+ people have been freed from  Daesh’s rule across  Iraq &amp; Syria  DefeatingDaesh  
UK is providing shelter, food, water, vaccinations, soap &amp; much more to those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq…   
.  commitment to  Iraq now totals £209.5m – helping people rebuild their lives after  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  
UK is at the forefront of the humanitarian response to  Mosul. On Tues,   announced a fu her £40m for  Iraq…   
UK is providing lifesaving aid to suppo  the people of  Mosul and other  Iraqi-s who have lost their homes…  
UK is the largest contributor to the  Iraq Humanitarian Pooled Fund – suppo ing IDPs through camp coordination &amp; p…  
Want to know about the UK’s role in  ? Find out here:  
Daesh attempt to spin  Mosul defeat – evidence of a failing terror group  DefeatingDaesh  
The UK salutes the bravery of the people of  Iraq for driving  Daesh from  Mosul  MosulIsFree  
.  captures the destruction  Daesh caused in  Mosul (via  )   DefeatingDaesh  
The operation to liberate  Mosul has been  Iraq-i-led with   &amp; UK suppo . UK will continue to suppo  sta…  
.  learns of the 100s of orphans left by  Daesh in  Mosul.  
Daesh has lost 70% of the territory it occupied in  Iraq &amp; 51% in  Syria  DefeatingDaesh  
DefeatingDaesh in  Mosul is not the end. UK stands united with   to defeat  Daesh for the long term  
.  hjones speaks to   about the challenges the ISF faced when liberating  Mosul  Mosulisfree  
The new £46m humanitarian aid package will include water, buckets, cooking equipment, soap, tents to sleep in, food and vacci… 
East  Mosul:   delivered 3 safety trainings for 94 street cleaners to ensure that clean up effo s proceed without risk. ht…
Kids play   Cat and Mouse   in Ajnadeen school--1 of 336 schools rehabilitated by UNICEF in east Mosul to date.  mosulaid  fo… 
New UNHCR WEB STORY - UN Messenger of Peace Malala highlights education needs of Iraq’s displaced children.
The  UK is providing urgent lifesaving aid to suppo  the people of  Mosul and other  Iraqis who have lost their homes. https…
First signs of people rebuilding in ruins of West  Mosul  
Yesterday Malala visited  Iraq to suppo  girls who have been forced to live &amp; study under  Daesh  malaladay  
The UK is sending lifesaving aid to help the people of  Mosul rebuild their homes
Priti Patel is making a statement to MPs on the liberation of Mosul in the  
Daesh is losing territory
School under  Daesh:   they taught us how to be suicide bombers and make IEDs    MalalaDay   
Priti Patel will make a statement on the liberation of Mosul at 12.30pm today after  PMQs in the   watch live…
The UK is training  ISF in counter-IED skills and is providing £13.25m to   to help clear  Daesh explosives  UKinIraq ht…
“With books you can kill terrorism.” – Malala.   sends 6200 books to  Mosul Library  malaladay  
One girls' school in E. Mosul has reopened after years of  Daesh oppression  DefeatingDaesh  malaladay  
Mosul is heavily contaminated w/ unexploded ordnance/landmines. UNICEF raises awareness in reopened schools about dangers…
Daesh's so-called caliphate has crumbled in  Mosul thanks to courage of  ISF &amp; people of  Iraq.    …
.  welcomes  Mosul liberation  Mosulisfree  DefeatingDaesh  
We are proud to be a member of   in helping  ISF defeat Daesh in Mosul  MosulIsFree  
UK played a critical pa  in  Mosul liberation &amp; continues to fight  Daesh across  Iraq &amp;  Syria  Mosulisfree  
UK has committed £169.5m+ to help those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq  Mosulisfree  
With  Mosul liberated from the destructive oppression of  Daesh, reconstruction of the city begins  MosulIsFree   
UK: Applaud Iraqi progress in  Mosul. UK stands with  Iraq in suppo ing effo s to help bring all Iraqis together to recon…
UK is at the forefront of effo s to suppo  Govt of  Iraq in humanitarian &amp; stabilisation response to  MosulOps…  
Congrats to all involved over so long &amp; at such cost in liberating Mosul.Much still to do to destroy ideology,but major a… 
Daesh are down but not yet out - the UK will continue to suppo  the  IraqiGovt in clearing &amp; stabilising liberated areas
.  has trained 55
Clearing operations are beginning in &amp; around W. Mosul to reduce the threat from  Daesh IEDs  Mosulisfree  
Mosul: “The fighting may be over, but the humanitarian crisis is not” 
PM Al-Abadi returns to Baghdad tonight after announcing the liberation of Mosul   LHL3XwfO
UK pays tribute to the courage &amp; determination of  ISF during  MosulOps  Mosulisfree  
UK acknowledges the high price paid by  ISF &amp; civilian population in  MosulOps
UK congratulates  ISF on the historic victory against  Daesh in  Mosul  Mosulisfree  
We congratulate  ISF and PM   on the historic victory against  Daesh in Mosul  MosulIsFree  
Mosul has been liberated!!  VictoryinMosul
CJTF-OIR CG:   The Coalition is proud to stand side-by-side with our Iraqi pa ners as they celebrate their hard-fought victory…   
From the Old City we announce the liberation of Mosul and remember the heroic sacrifices of our armed forces and their f…
UK stands with  Iraq in the final stages of the battle for  Mosul.  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Def Sec on Mosul: 'The RAF has carried out over 750 strikes and the Army have trained Iraqi troops, but the military campaig… 
Travelling abroad this summer?✈️🏖️☀️Watch our practical advice on how to stay safe  ActionCountersTerrorism 📺--&gt; https…
The RAF are continuing to take the fight to Daesh in Iraq and Syria. Read the latest strike statement:  
Daesh have now been squeezed into less than ½ km2 in  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
As Daesh’s occupation of  Mosul comes to an end, the city prepares for freedom  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS   
Daesh near total defeat in  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Advice to holidaymakers: In the event of a terrorist attack abroad - Run, Hide, Tell 
Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon welcomes Iraqi victory in Mosul:  
Daesh monthly revenue has dropped 80% due to massive territory loss  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
In E  Mosul 17 of 24 power stations have been repaired &amp; 4 out of 9 water treatment plants are back in use  stabilisationfact…
UK has committed £169.5m+ to suppo  those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq since 2014. Find out more here:   
UK has provided £9.25m to   FFIS since 2014 to suppo   Iraq  
.  is using a , theatre and play to heal 'the hidden wounds' of children scarred by  Daesh in  Mosul   
.  is working to replace the books destroyed by  Daesh in  Mosul library  DefeatingDaesh 
Beautiful illustrations by   that tell the story of the conflict in  Mosul &amp; the people who live there  
“ Daesh destroyed us” – testimonies from children in  Mosul who witnessed  Daesh brutality (via  )  
Amazing photos that look back on the fight against  Daesh in  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh (via  )  
Simple advice that could save life during a weapons or firearms attack: Run, Hide, Tell  ActionCountersTerrorism https… 
HORRIFIC:  Daesh use of IEDS, mines &amp; explosives has killed or injured at least 69,000 civilians in  Iraq since 2014   
Children of  Mosul suffering from serious psychological stress after 3yrs of  Daesh brutality  
Powerful images from “the final push” to  DefeatDaesh in  Mosul  
DefSec Fallon tells   in Washington DC that  No hKorea,  DefeatingDaesh &amp;  NATO will top agenda in talks tomorrow w… 
STRIKE UPDATE: RAF destroys 7 Daesh positions in suppo  of Iraqi effo s to liberate  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  
Great story! Students of  Mosul work together to reclaim their university  DefeatingDaesh  
UK committed to tackling terrorism at home with 18 terror plots foiled since 2013 &amp; 109 people convicted  
Deeply moving story from   about situation in  Mosul and the difficult work of the General Hospital  
People trapped by  Daesh in  Mosul are 'eating grass' in desperation. UK working round the clock to  DefeatDaesh  
UK is a leading member of  . Next week we will be in Washington w/our pa ners to discuss  DefeatingDaesh  
Via   - 4,000 workers are cleaning up E  Mosul, boosting the local economy and helping people to return home  Iraq… 
'They denied us everything' - life under  Daesh has left children suffering from 'waking nightmares' 
VIDEO: find out more about how the   defeats  Daesh &amp; minimises civilian casualties  ISIS  
Over 500  UK troops are on the ground helping our  Iraq-i pa ners to defeat  Daesh  
Horrific stories of  Daesh brutality from Yazidis. UK working around the clock to defeat this terrorist group  
UK has committed £169.5m+ to suppo  those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  
Interesting piece on how to rehabilitate the children  Daesh brutally brainwashed (via  )  
Those responsible for managing public services in  Raqqa have fled.  Daesh fail to provide even basic services for…  
.  has helped train 55,000+  ISF in counter IED, infantry skills, combat medical techniques &amp; engineering…   
Repo s from  Raqqa that  Daesh leadership have fled their positions in fear in light of advancing SDF &amp; SAC  

“Terrorists rely on the world’s cameras and microphones to spread their message of fear of ideology” Listen now  
.  is providing significant intelligence, surveillance &amp; reconnaissance to suppo   Iraq-i Security Fo…   
UK is the largest contributor to the  Iraq Humanitarian Pooled Fund – suppo ing IDPs through camp coordination &amp;…  
Foreign fighters who joined  Daesh are complaining of being treated as ‘second-class citizens’  ISIS  
UK &amp;   pa ners urging removal of terrorist &amp; violent extremist content online  DefeatingDaesh  
Powerful photos depicting the gruesome reality of life on the frontline in  Mosul (via  )  
.  has helped train 55,000+  ISF in counter IED, infantry skills, combat medical techniques &amp; engineering…   
Great example of  UK working w/  pa ners. An Australian soldier &amp; UK soldier instruct  ISF - helping them…  
UK is pa  of   - 71 organisations aligned to defeat  Daesh on the ground, in cyberspace, countering fina…   
Great blog by   er on  Daesh terrorism in  Lebanon &amp; how we must unify to defeat them    
UK has committed £169.5m+ to suppo  those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  
In E.  Mosul, 190,000+ people have returned home following  Daesh defeat   

Want to know what life is like on the front lines in  Mosul? Watch this sho  documentary now  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Iraq-i Police, Army &amp; Tribal Mobilisation forces have captured almost 400  Daesh fighters in the last 3 months  DefeatingDaesh 
UK soldier demonstrating casualty lifting techniques to  ISF w/our   pa ners Australia &amp; New Zealand…  
70% of power stations have been repaired in E. Mosul &amp; nearly 50% of water treatment plants are back in use  DefeatingDaesh
WATCH:   talks about  DefeatingDaesh from the air  ISIS  
The stabilisation of  Iraq is impo ant for the long term defeat of  Daesh &amp; keeping UK safe  

UK: Back in DC for productive meetings w our closest security pa ner. No two countries contribute more to the military cam…
Those responsible must face justice responds to confirmation sarin gas used Khan Sheikhoun, Syria 
We are seeing the end of the fake Daesh state
Daesh desperately lie to their fighters in  Raqqa in an attempt to reduce increasing dese ions  
Almost 2 million civilians have been able to return to their homes.  AfterDaesh  
Daesh wives flee their husbands after realising the truth about the terror group  ISIS   
.  has liberated an area about the size of Ireland from  Daesh oppression in  Iraq &amp;  Syria along with 4.7…  
In massive blow to  Daesh,  ISF have re-taken  Mosul-’s Great  alnurimosque  DefeatingDaesh   
After escaping  Daesh-held  Raqqa, one woman enjoyed  Ramadan in Doha with other refugees   
A visual representation of the amazing progress by the  ISF in  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
The terror threat is SEVERE - here's how you can ACT:  ActionCountersT…
320 of 400 schools have reopened in E.  Mosul allowing 350,000 children to return to school  DefeatingDaesh   
The issue of terrorism transcends borders.   Five Eye countries join UK's call to remove online terror content. 
SDF &amp; SAC make significant gains against  Daesh in  Raqqa  DefeatingDaesh  
Iraqi youth in  Mosul are now able to express themselves on the radio which was forbidden under  ISIS.  
UK welcomes this move from tech giants – helping to stop the spread of  Daesh-’s hateful propaganda  DefeatingDaesh  
ISF 600m away from Corniche Road, which will mark the end of  Daesh occupation in  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh   
ISF prove unshaken by final desperate attacks by  Daesh in  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh 
.  has conducted 1350+ strikes against  Daesh in  Iraq &amp;  Syria  DefeatingDaesh  
Battle for  Mosul: The end could be near for  Daesh  
.  is on the front lines as  ISF close in on  Daesh in  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
ISF overcoming “complex battlefield” &amp; nearing end of battle in Old City  Mosul (via  )  
Daesh kill children in W. Mosul: “there are no words of condemnation strong enough”. UK echoes this sentiment. 
The 8 month battle for  Mosul is in its final stages  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
UK is leading effo s to expose “ Daesh-’s narrative for the lie it is”   thjones    DefeatingDaesh  
Just kids being kids. See how  UKaid is suppo ing Syrian refugees in Jordan's Azraq camp. 360° video &gt;  
On Intl Day in Suppo  of Victims of  To ure,   offers   guest post on   nightmare   in  Syria.   
Canadian sniper disrupts  Daesh attack on  ISF – hitting target 2.1 miles away &amp; breaking world record  
Life &amp; rebuilding is underway in liberated areas of w  Mosul.  ILoveMyJob seeing resilient  Iraqi people move forward, fre… 
British General   thjones speaks about  DefeatingDaesh &amp;   progress  ISIS  
STRIKE UPDATE: The    continues to strike Daesh in Iraq and Syria.  DefeatingDaesh   http…
The Great Mosque of al-Nuri was the latest in a long list of priceless archaeological sites  Daesh have destroyed  
If you are a  Daesh fighter in  Mosul or  Raqqa now you won't feel a sense of being led, you will feel abandoned &amp; isolated… 
Daesh are fighting for their lives - so their ability to plan and direct attacks is significantly degraded”    … 
.  thjones:   the   plays a vital role in providing air suppo  to the  DefeatingDaesh   
.  thjones:   400,000 people have now returned home to  Ramadi and it's a similar picture in  Fallujah  …   
.  thjones:    Daesh will have no sanctuary wherever they are    DefeatingDaesh   
.  thjones:    Daesh are fighting with characteristic brutality in  Mosul but  ISF are working as a professional fighting force   
.  thjones:   the final liberation of  Mosul is drawing ever closer    DefeatingDaesh   
Stories of bravery &amp; recovery from children &amp; their families who escaped  Daesh in  Mosul (via )  
About to sta  briefing with deputy commander of   British Maj. Gen.   thjones  DefeatingDaesh  
Mosul celebrates first  Eid without  Daesh in years (via  )  DefeatingDaesh  
EidMubarak to all Muslims in the UK and across the world on the occasion of Eid al-Fitr
The liberation of  Mosul is inevitable. The victory of the  Iraqis is inevitable.  DefeatDaesh!  
People escaping from  Daesh-held  Raqqa are “emerging from years inside a living nightmare” (via  )  
UK &amp;   pressure &amp; precision targeting has forced  Daesh to ban fighters from social media  DefeatingDaesh  
Children from  Mosul impacted by  Daesh are receiving psychological care thanks to our pa ner 
UK welcomes this initiative from   – more must be done to tackle extremism online  DefeatingDaesh  
ICYMI Daesh destroyed the Great Mosque of al-Nuri  Mosul because they know they are on the verge of defeat  
The Global Coalition wishes its pa ners and followers a blessed Eid Al-Fitr  Ramadan  EidMubarak  
These children are just 2 of the 4.2m people liberated from Daesh across  Iraq &amp;  Syria  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Amazing expe ise shown by our   pa ner Canada in  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
ICYMI  ISF save starving toddler in  Mosul whose family were executed by  Daesh   
People enjoy ice cream again in Hassakeh  Syria now  Daesh are defeated  
Read Fahad’s story  – a displaced dad who dreams his children will know a safe &amp; free  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  
Daesh have no resources &amp; cannot govern - reso ing to donkeys in face of fuel sho age in  Hawija  DefeatingDaesh  
HORRIFIC:  Daesh targeting children of civilians fleeing  Mosul   repo s (via  )  
NEWS:  Daesh have now lost 70% of territory they controlled in  Iraq in August 2014
Stories of  Ramadan - read about one woman from  Raqqa who experienced the truth about the holy month under  Daesh  
Learn more about how   counters terrorism online  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
After  Daesh, markets are reopening in east  Mosul as life begins to return. Image via   thjones 
UK Govt will keep up the pressure on social media companies to remove terrorist material  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Last night  Daesh   committed another historical crime   - blowing up the Great Mosque of al-Nuri  Mosul (via )   
Gr8 visit to East  Mosul yest, markets alive &amp; brimming with activity.   thjones w/   discussing stabilization,  I… 
The battle for  Mosul in photos  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Great story!   donates a violin to aspiring refugee musician from  Syria  (via  )   
.  has freed 4.2m people from  Daesh oppression across 55,000+ sq km  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS   
Daesh destruction of al-Nuri Mosque is attack on religion, people &amp; civilisation. Daesh in retreat &amp; desperate.  … 
UK condemns Daesh's destruction of the historic al-Nuri Mosque in Mosul. It is a crime against Iraq's heritage &amp; people.  …
Iraq War Media Cell announced  ISIS destroyed the al-Nuri Mosque yesterday.  Daesh FULLY responsible for this devastation &amp; h…
1000s of minorities have suffered from  Daesh persecution.  UK working to defeat this  
UPDATE: The Government of  Iraq have announced that  Daesh have destroyed the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in  Mosul  
Daesh have blown up al-Nuri mosque  Mosul. Repo s on the ground confirm no airstrike  
ISIS just destroyed the WHOLE MOSUL today.
Great first step from   – but still more to be done  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS   
Children suffering in  Mosul as a result of  Daesh occupation.   suppo ing  ISF to free the city ASAP  
Daesh are on the back foot as they lose senior leadership – another key figure
ISF continue operations to retake  Mosul-’s Old City  DefeatingDaesh  
Nearly 178,000 children have returned to their homes after displacement over the past 3 years.  foreverychild a home https:… 
Ramadan by the sea - how a Syrian family are enjoying the holy month now they are free from  Daesh  
Reema, a refugee from  Syria, is just one of the 1000s of people  UKaid has helped. UK proud to stand  WithRefugees…   
STRIKE UPDATE:   continues suppo  to liberation of western Mosul and Raqqa  DefeatingDaesh  
Sarah, a refugee from  Syria, is now in an  UKaid funded school in Lebanon. UK proud to stand  WithRefugees…   
Chouk, a refugee from  Syria, is now in an  UKaid funded school in Lebanon. UK proud to stand  WithRefugees…   
Thx to  , I found new friends, Christians, Yazidis, Muslims.We're pa  of the same humanity  - Eman,  Syrian  RefugeeDa… 
“I don’t want them to be in this situation again, unable to feed their families.” +240k Syrian refugees live in Iraq https:… 
Dina, a refugee from  Syria, is just one of the 1000s of people  UKaid has helped. UK proud to stand  WithRefugees…   
Hana, a refugee from  Syria, was suppo ed by   which  UKaid helps fund. UK proud to stand  WithRefugees…   
Ahmed, a refugee from  Syria, is now in an  UKaid funded school in Lebanon. UK proud to stand  WithRefugees…   
UK is providing £40m in humanitarian suppo  for those affected by  Daesh in  Mosul (£169.5m+ across  Iraq) &amp; worki…  
Today is  WorldRefugeeDay. Find out more about our work suppo ing  Syria-n refugees in    WithRefugees  
UK has committed over £40 million to suppo  survivors, bring perpetrators to account &amp; end  SexualViolence in Conflict.  Tim… 
.    The intl community must help  Iraq preserve evidence of  Daesh crimes before it is lost    PSVI   
.    We must seek justice for all  Daesh victims ... including victims of sexual violence    PSVI   
UN Ambassador   was abused as a sex slave by  Daesh. Earlier this month she returned home  PSVI  
But intl community must come together to increase no.of  Daesh prosecutions for atrocity crimes – inc violence against women &amp; girls (3/3)
Investigative &amp; prosecutorial work is underway across the world to bring  Daesh to justice -  UK has allocated £1.5m to suppo  this (2/3)
Last Sept   launched a campaign to bring  Daesh to justice for atrocities – inc. sexual violence against women &amp; girls (1/3)
Daesh’s leadership is crumbling – foreign fighters in  Raqqa are rising up against their leader Abu Bakr al-Baghda…  
Read 2 sisters’ stories about  Daesh sexual abuse.  UK working to bring  Daesh to justice for atrocities  PSVI  
“The UK government has been taking the lead” – in bringing  Daesh to justice for their atrocities  PSVI  
Appalled by repo s of sexual violence in Daesh-controlled areas. UK will suppo  Iraq to  endstigma &amp;bring perpetrators to j…
On Intl Day for Elimination of Sexual Violence in Conflict,  UK stands with women &amp; girls affected by  Daesh  PSVI   
TimeToAct to End Sexual Violence in Conflict. Suppo  for survivors crucial, shame should sit with the perpetrators - not sur… 
UK condemns  Daesh-’s use of civilians as human shields. UK proud to be pa  of   working to stop this  
Today is International Day for the Elimination of Sexual Violence in Conflict. Much achieved, much more to do.   TimeToAct htt… 
Christina is now safely back with her family – after being kidnapped by  Daesh for 3 years (via  )  
The Global Coalition works across 5 lines of effo  to bring a lasting defeat to  Daesh - find out more here  
Free from the threat of  Daesh, people in No hern  Syria stock up on traditional sweet  Ramadan baked goods   
Families suffer &amp; starve under  Daesh in  Mosul.  UK suppo ing  ISF to free civilians from  Daesh rule 
UK proud to have provided £25m to   since 2014 – helping those affected by  Daesh
Foreign fighters who joined  Daesh are complaining of being treated as ‘second-class citizens’.  Daesh are increasi…  
Get maps &amp; stats on effo s to defeat  Daesh &amp; to stabilise liberated areas via    
Ameen from  Mosul played his cello on the roof to defy  Daesh (via  )  DefeatingDaesh  
Stories of  Ramadan - how one woman from  Raqqa experienced the truth about how  Daesh treat the holy month  
Those responsible for managing public services in  Raqqa have fled.  Daesh fail to provide even basic services for…  
Great progress made by the  ISF against  Daesh in  Mosul  
.  is working around the clock to free the people of  Mosul from  Daesh-’s brutal regime  DefeatingDaesh  
Though the fight isn't easy, &amp; it isn't over, each day the  Iraqi forces are winning against  ISIS.    https… 
Exhaustion 📈
Coalition cannot confirm death of Baghdadi; no definitive proof. Welcome that day
Repo s from  Raqqa that  Daesh leadership have fled their positions in fear in light of advancing SDF  
See how life is returning to the city of  Jalawla, after the expulsion of  Daesh (via  )   
UK &amp;   working hard to defeat  Daesh in  Mosul as quickly as possible to save civilian lives…  
thjones: Saying farewell to 2 LANCS - great work training Iraqi &amp; Kurd forces for the fight against ISIS. Safe return to your fam…
Amazing moment as 5yr old Christina is reunited with her family 3 yrs after  Daesh kidnapping   
'The minute you give [terrorists] coverage, that's what they want'. Listen via   
.  is providing significant intelligence, surveillance &amp; reconnaissance to suppo   Iraq-i Security Fo…   
Last week UN confirmed  Daesh murdered 100s of civilians fleeing Mosul.  UK working to stop this terrorist group  
UK leads  -’s effo s in countering  Daesh propaganda. Last year,  Daesh propaganda output dropped by 75%   
Brilliant podcast about one man's defiance of  Daesh through music  DefeatingDaesh  
In fear of the advancing SDF &amp; SAC,  Daesh has released prisoners in  Raqqa to bolster their front lines   
Thanks to  UK &amp;   effo s,  Daesh now control only 4% of territory in  Iraq &amp; 12% in Syria  DefeatingDaesh   
.  continues to strike  Daesh from the air – helping our pa ners in  Syria &amp;  Iraq to defeat  Daesh…  
UK leading effo s to tackle  Daesh propaganda online  DefeatingDaesh  
The UK is suppo ing 100,000s people affected by  Daesh in  Iraq - to date we have committed over £169.5m…   
UK proud to have conitrbuted £18.5m to   since 2014 - providing non-food items &amp; life-saving medical care  
UK has provided £18.5m to   since 2014 to suppo  those affected by  Daesh in Iraq - including providing med…  
ICYMI last week, the SDF &amp; SAC began operations to defeat  Daesh in  Raqqah   
“Terrorists rely on the world’s cameras and microphones to spread their message of fear of ideology” Listen now.  
ISF discover a prison for Yazidi women in  Mosul.  UK working hard to defeat  Daesh &amp; stop civilian suffering  
“Iraqi youth can change their destiny,” said Lurans,  IDP from  Mosul pa icipating in Youth &amp; Peace Festival suppo ed by… 
thjones: Iraqi forces closer every day to final defeat of ISIS in Mosul. Protection of civilians paramount    …
.  a  UK medical instructor debriefs  Iraq-i Medics following their Advanced Casualty Life Saver Course…  
ISF closing in on final neighborhoods of Mosul to  DefeatDaesh.  Coalition with  Iraqi forces  AllTheWay until victorious vs.…
Read more about what one   photographer saw on the front lines in  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  
Powerful photos depicting the gruesome reality of life on the front lines in  Mosul (via  )  
UK has committed £169.5m+ to help those affected by  Daesh in Iraq since June 2014  DefeatingDaesh  
Watch an emotional reunion between this  Iraqi girl &amp; her family 3 years after  ISIS kidnapping. https:/…
. , which the  UK helps to fund, &amp; pa ners have cleared almost 2million sq m of land &amp; infrastructure in  Fallujah  DefeatingDaesh 
has helped 496,000 IDPs from  Mosul &amp; surrounding areas since 17 Oct. 2016  DefeatingDaesh   
Thanks in pa  to  UKaid   have provided 5 maternity hospitals &amp; 35 reproductive clinics to suppo  the people…  
STRIKE UPDATE:   provides close air suppo  to Syrian Democratic Forces moving on Raqqa  DefeatingDaesh https:/…
Over 500 UK troops are on the ground helping to train  Iraq-i Security Forces  DefeatingDaesh  
MUST WATCH: Find out from British Major General   thjones what the UK is doing to defeat  Daesh in  Iraq &amp;…  
For updated guidance on keeping crowded places, businesses &amp; organisations safe visit    ActionCountersTerrorism 
UK funding to   helps suppo  urgent humanitarian needs in  Iraq  
Fawziya:  Daesh saw women as shameful, as something that shouldn’t be seen in public. We have found our soul again 
UK has committed £169.5m+ to suppo  those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq since June 2014  
.  condemns horrific mass killing of civilians by  Daesh in  Mosul    
.   UK is the second contributor to  -’s military campaign against  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  
US sculptor to recreate statues destroyed by  Daesh in Trafalgar Square (via  )  
UK works with 40+ countries to undermine  Daesh propaganda &amp; remove it from online every day  DefeatingDaesh   
UK has committed £169.5m+ to suppo  those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq since June 2014  
UK has given £10.2m to   for water &amp; sanitation assistance – suppo ing IDPs affected by  Daesh  
For videos of life after  Daesh and updates on  CoalitionProgress,  subscribe to our   channel now -    tv 
UK is committed to  DefeatingDaesh for the long term  
Daesh have lost over 2/3 of land occupied in  Iraq &amp; nearly 1/2 land held in  Syria.
Damaged roads pose danger to kids in Mosul. W/ suppo  of  
The UK🇬🇧 is playing a leading role in the Global  . Our effo s are bearing fruit.    DefeatDeash…
.  opens a new camp to suppo  families affected by  MosulOps. UK funding suppo s camp coordination…  
REMEMBER: by reproducing  Daesh propaganda, you are giving terrorists’ the platform they crave  Rumiyah   xqq4 p 
Despite  Daesh banning their fighters from using social media, their propaganda magazine still got leaked  Rumiyah   
See Lucy D'Orsi's   message around keeping safe at summer festivals.  
Photos from   showing faces of the  Iraqi forces who are continuing the fight against  ISIS in  Mosul.  …
With   suppo ,  ISF close in on final few  Daesh-held km in  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh   
Life is beginning to return to the streets of  Mosul as  Daesh get squeezed  DefeatingDaesh  
Amazing stories of local resistance to  Daesh in  Raqqa  Syria (via  )  DefeatingDaesh  
Daesh communications are in disarray, forcing them to try and ban their fighters from social media to prevent leaks https:/… 
UK is a leading member of   - committed to  DefeatingDaesh. Read our mission statement here:…  
SDF have begun their assault on  Daesh in  Raqqah  DefeatingDaesh (via  )  
Daesh has surrendered key town of Baaj in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh   
Since 2014 the UK has provided £58.5m to   to meet the most urgent needs of displaced people such as health, shelter… 
Daesh leadership is being targeted - the group are on the back foot as another senior figure is removed   
UK is the largest contributor to the  Iraq Humanitarian Pooled Fund – suppo ing IDPs through camp coordination &amp;…  
Daesh brutality captured by brave  Iraq-i a ist in 240 paintings &amp; drawings (via  )   
Fathila &amp; family fled conflict,now at Al Salamiyah 2 camp.   We are happy to have a safe place to stay. Now… 
IslamicStateClaims that  Amaq is a news agency - in fact, it is nothing more than lies and cannot be trusted   
Daesh murder civilians as they try to flee  Mosul.  UK is suppo ing  ISF to rid  Iraq of these terrorists  
The   is continuing to strike Daesh in Iraq and Syria. Read the latest strike update here:  
Daesh armory recovered in  Mosul depicts a failing terror group (via  )  DefeatingDaesh  
PM   meets with   Commander Gen Votel, discusses suppo  for ISF operations in Mosul   
Iraq-i flag is flying above key town of Baaj in  Iraq following  Daesh defeat  
In  Fallujah a new water plant gives safe water to 60% of the city - a key stabilisation milestone    
UN Goodwill Ambassador   returns to the village where she was captured by  Daesh 3 yrs ago  
BREAKING - Syrian Democratic Forces and Syrian Arab Coalition begin  Raqqa offensive via    SDF  Syria  
UK &amp; all our embassies will observe a minute​​'s silence for victims of the London terrorist attack at 11am today https:…
UK to observe a minute​​'s silence at 11am on Tuesday 6 June for victims of the London terrorist attack  
Enough is enough  . Watch the PM's statement on Downing Street responding to last night’s brutal terror attack in London.… 
320 schools have reopened in E.  Mosul allowing 258,000 children to return to education  DefeatingDaesh (photo cred…   
.  A  UK soldier enjoys a break from teaching with his  Iraq-i counterpa s  DefeatingDaesh   e
Volunteers of all faiths rebuild church in  Mosul which was destroyed by  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  
.  has deployed Reaper UAVs, 6 Typhoon jets and 8 Tornados; conducting over 1340 strikes against  Daesh in…   
A  UK Officer briefs  Iraq-i Security Forces at Al Asad Airbase prior to sta ing their battle lanes  DefeatingDaesh  
.  has helped train 52,000+  ISF in skills inc. engineering – helping to defeat  Daesh in  Mosul   
Thanks to  UK &amp;   effo s, 4.1m people have been freed from  Daesh-’s brutal regime in  Syria &amp;  Iraq…   
Daesh on the verge of collapse in  Mosul – burning records in desperate bid to destroy evidence of their brutality  
Interesting perspective from a bulldozer driver on the front lines in  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
UK is pa  of   - 71 organisations aligned to defeat  Daesh on the ground, in cyberspace, countering fina…   
.   UK has trained 52,000+  ISF – helping them defeat  Daesh in  Mosul &amp; across  Iraq    
Latest   strikes include attacking a radio station, targeting Daesh's capability to spread propaganda:   
.  airstrikes continue to strike  Daesh leadership in  Syria &amp;  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh (via  )   
.  A  UK soldier helps his  Iraq-i counterpa  adjust his sights during a range package at Al Asad Airbase…  
.   UK proud to use our skills &amp; expe ise to help our  Iraq-i pa ner in  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS   
Watch an animated map of the progress made by  Iraq-i forces in  Mosul - up to the 24th May (maps via  ) https:…
.  has retaken 66% of the territory  Daesh once seized in  Iraq &amp; 47% of the territory it had seized in…  
ISF carefully retake  Mosul street-by-street from  Daesh (via  )  
Today is day 100 of campaign in W  Mosul.UK as Iraq ally &amp;pa ner in   will continue to suppo  Iraq against  Daesh.…
A  UK Royal Engineer Search Instructor teaches Ground Sign Awareness to  Iraq-i Security Forces  DefeatingDaesh  
.   ISF clearing final 10km of  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh    
Mosul residents enjoy  Ramadan for the first time in 3 years - free from the oppression of  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  
Last week 14  Iraq-i police officers completed their counter IED training -  UK is the counter IED for  …  
The Iraqi Counter-Terrorism Service’s victories on the ground have translated to recent recruiting victories too.  Iraq https:…
“I am confident [ ISF] will retake  Mosul” speaks to    DefetaingDaesh  
UK stands with our pa ner, Govt. of  Iraq, in the final push against  Daesh in  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS   
Successful airstrikes by   &amp;   forces  Daesh to abandon a ‘stronghold’  DefeatingDaesh  
After escaping from  Daesh brutality, displaced children engage in a playful round of volleyball in a  Iraq camp 
The   is continuing to strike Daesh in Iraq and Syria. Read the latest strike update here:  
UK condemns shocking terror attack in  Baghdad. Thoughts w/those affected &amp; families.UK will always suppo  Iraq against terr…
UNICEF and pa ners at   and   are putting supplies in place to assist people anticipated to flee W Mosul in co…
A soldier from the 4th Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland (4 SCOTS) enjoying a break from teaching with his Iraqi co…
PM: The terrorists will never win — and our values, our country and our way of life will always prevail.  Manchester htt… 
Brilliant piece for   about why  Mosul is a city wo h believing in after  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  
.  spoke to  Iraq-i families who are trying to rebuild the live that  Daesh destroyed  
Watch how families in Jalawla, an  Iraq-i town devastated by  Daesh, are beginning to rebuild their lives   
.   UK soldiers demonstrate patrol ‘Actions On’ to  Iraq-i soldiers - helping our pa ner to defeat  Daesh…  
Displaced  Iraq-i children affected by  Daesh talk to   about their favourite colours  
UK is pa  of a 68 member Global   which is committed to  DefeatingDaesh globally. Find out more here:…  
Daesh militants are planting bombs near front doors in  Mosul to prevent civilians leaving  ISIS   
.   UK instructor briefs an  Iraq-i Commander during an exercise practicing defence in the urban environme…  
Daesh fighters repo edly providing intelligence to   against their terrorist organisation  ISIS  
Daesh fighters and  Daesh finance officer dese  from previous ‘strongholds’ in  Syria  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Thanks to  UK,   &amp;  ISF effo s,  Daesh now controls less than 12sqkm in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh   
.  &amp;  ISF are working to rid  Mosul of  Daesh for the long term  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
.  successfully stop brutal execution of civilians by  Daesh in  Syria  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
.   ISF exercise &amp; rehearse their drills as pa  of a defence serial - with help from an  UK instructor…  
VIDEO: Families reunited after years apa  under  Daesh  
.   UK instructor demonstrates how to treat a gun shot wound to  Iraq-i Security Forces  DefeatingDaesh…  
If you had some Legos, what would you build? These children, a mix of displaced, Syrian and Kurdish kids, let their imagina… 
In Jalawla,  Iraq,  Daesh burnt the homes &amp; businesses of families 
UK is committed to  DefeatingDaesh in  Iraq &amp;  Syria, there are around 1350 UK personnel are committed to that. 
Want to know more about  DefeatingDaesh? Next week  
As  Daesh are pushed back across  Iraq and  Syria, families are able to reunite, like this man and his young child…   
Family health is impo ant -   suppo    reproductive health services in liberated areas of  Mosul    
Understand how  Daesh indoctrinate children, including with mobile apps, in this repo  (via   &amp;  …   
Daesh harm families – exe ing control over teenage soldiers by forcing them away from their loved ones  
“We feel safe and comfo able here”: families welcomed into camps &amp; leave the terrors of  Daesh behind them   
Daesh ‘education’ teaches children to hu  families  
Daesh fighters are less organised now and lack the resources to keep fighting    MosulOps (via  )   
Precision targeting by   stopped brutal public execution by  Daesh in Syria  DefeatingDaesh
The Govt. of  Iraq &amp;   recently announced 202 projects in Mosul – helping families return to their homes  
Families are returning to  Mosul – bringing life back to liberated areas of the city  
Daesh punishes whole families if one member is deemed to have broken a ‘law’  
Daesh   on the brink of total defeat   in  Mosul (via  )  DefeatingDaesh 
For women leaving under  Daesh, sta ing a family means no suppo , no healthcare, no happiness   
Liberated from  Daesh near  Mosul, people look to enjoy life again – here, family members smile and laugh as they p…   
Daesh indoctrinates children against their families.   discusses how they can be helped.  
It’s a pa icularly impo ant moment [to] keep Iraq on the radar screen.  UNICEF Director of Emergency Ops . … 
Thanked these heroic Iraqi Special Operations Forces and all Iraqi soldiers near  Mosul for helping to rid the world of  …
Imagine being imprisoned and to ured with the cries of your own young child – that is the reality for families und…  
ISF keep up the momentum in Western  Mosul against  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
UK is providing food for 70,000+ people &amp; cash assistance to almost 16,000 families affected by  Daesh   
Daesh deliberately target the family unit – forcing loved ones to turn on each other  
Mosul: For those forced to leave their homes, family can be the means to surviving DayofFamilies    
Daesh harm families – dragging girls away from their mothers to be sold as sex slaves  
BLOG📑   provided school supplies incl math &amp; science kits to 87 schools in E  Mosul reaching 73,800 kids. ht… 
On International Day of Families, watch a mother &amp; daughter be reunited after 2 years of separation by  Daesh   
Families are crucial to suppo  education – and as they return to liberated East  Mosul, so schools begin to reopen   
On International Day of Families, read about how  Daesh harm families, with evictions, fines and forced recruitment    
'Whenever there was an execution... we couldn’t say that it upset us’ - read about  Daesh 'education' in this repor…  
When your neighbors don’t have family, you become their family.    mouslaid  internationalfamilyday   
Families are brought back together when liberated from  Daesh – here a woman holds her son for the first time in tw…  
Daesh tear families apa  – educating children to become suicide bombers  
A UK medical instructor observes an  Iraq-i Army medic applying a chest seal  DefeatingDaesh  
Daesh traps families in West  Mosul.  ISF &amp;   are  DefeatingDaesh to protect civilians (via  )  
ISF make ‘lightening gains’ in  Mosul against  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  
I can't sleep properly because I see [Daesh] in my dreams.   (via  )   
READ:   updated factsheet on the UK’s humanitarian response in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  
UK is pa  of 68 member   committed to defeating  Daesh. Find out who our pa ners are here…  
2.5 million people have been freed from  Daesh-’s rule - many of whom have been able to return to their homes…  
READ: the latest update about the  's air operations in  Iraq &amp;  Syria:    
Rasha learns English at school in Haj Ali emergency site. 56k displaced kids take   catch up   classes in camps to ensure  no… 
.  follows an  ISF bomb diffuser in  Iraq &amp; learns of huge sacrifices being made to defeat  Daesh   
A new home in a place of safety for family who fled fighting in W  Mosul, now at   Hasansham U2 camp   
UK is  DefeatingDaesh as pa  of   – working towards an  Iraq free from terror (via  )  
.   UK instructor observes as  Iraq-i students practise their search techiques on counter-IED threat lanes…  
Now free from  Daesh,  Mosul residents play pool and tell of detention and to ure (via  )   
Students from Mosul Uni are displaced from home, but are volunteering to raise awareness about hand washing in schools acro… 
UK plays a leading role in a 68 member Global   to defeat  Daesh    ISIS
As effo s continue to fully stabilise East  Mosul, children are beginning to return to reopened schools…   
Brilliant piece for   about why  Mosul is a city wo h believing in after  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  
Rehabilitation of a  water treatment plant serving more than half of  Ramadi's population
Instead of maths and science, children in  Daesh held areas are being taught how to kill  DaeshLiesExposed   
.  successfully targets those responsible for  Daesh-‘s evil propaganda  DefeatingDaesh (via  )  
.  UK soldier from the Royal Engineers teaches  Iraq-i students how to use the Vallon metal detector…  
Follow the story of  MosulOps through satellite images &amp; maps  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS   
Thousands of teachers have returned to work in East  Mosul and have begun teaching the children of the city again a…  
Mosul residents enjoy a game of pool with friends after  Daesh defeat (via  )  
Now  Daesh has been driven out of East  Mosul, schools are reopening and children are back learning  DefeatingDaesh   
UPDATED MAP:  ISF keep up the pressure against  Daesh in W.  Mosul   DefeatingDaesh ( )   
📽️Schools remain critical spaces for displaced  Iraq children to regain some normalcy after yrs of conflict. …
TuesdayThoughts The  Iraqi  soldiers'  motivation &amp; will to  win has  ISIS on the run in  Mosul.  getty…
Great progress made by  ISF in W.  Mosul with   &amp;  UK suppo   DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
.  UK soldier distributes ammunition to  Iraq-i soldiers ahead of a lesson on marksmanship  DefeatingDaesh…  
READ: the huge sacrifices made by the  ISF in  DefeatingDaesh.  UK stands with our pa ner  Iraq (via  )   
If you see  Daesh content online, repo  it immediately    ActionCountersTerrorism (…   
Don't listen to their propaganda - life for civilians under  Daesh control is far from fine  DaeshLiesExposed  
.  UK instructor delivers a theory lesson to Iraqi Security Forces soldiers. Helping our pa ner  Iraq def…  
‘They committed countless crimes’ – read about one  Iraq-i who secretly painted what he saw living under  Daesh  
Daesh claim to provide for those under their control - but repo s from the ground tell a completely different story https:…
UK is committed to  DefeatingDaesh in  Iraq &amp;  Syria    
If you hear something that could be terrorist related, just ACT. In an emergency, call 999  ActionCountersTerrorism…   
300+ schools have reopened in E.  Mosul &amp; 8 recently reopened in W.Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS (photo credit Dilkof…  
.  Find out more about UK airstrikes against  Daesh here:    DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Royal Engineer Instructor teaches person search techniques to students from the  Iraqi army  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
9th Army Division move in on  Daesh in W.  Mosul from the no h  DefeatingDaesh  
One brave  Iraq-i painted  Daesh atrocities to document their crimes  DefeatingDaesh  
A  UK Vehicle Mechanic completes vital repair and maintenance work on our vehicles  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Great frontline repo ing from   following an elite Iraqi special operations unit  DefeatingDaesh   
Since the removal of  Daesh from East  Mosul, healthcare has improved – with medicine now available to those who ne…   
Our  UK medical training team teach  Iraq-i Army medics livesaving techniques  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Last week Col John Dorrian,  , briefed the press from Baghdad. Watch his update on  CoalitionProgress    
Youngsters from W  Mosul have fun playing volleyball at UNHCR’s Hammam al-Alil2 displacement camp.  smileoftheweek
MAP:  Iraq-i Security Forces squeeze  Daesh in  Mosul (via  )  
Iraq-i army chief confirms  Daesh territory in  Iraq down to only 3.8%  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Over 2.4 million people in  Iraq with improved access to basic services thanks to    IraqResilience  
Life under  Daesh is awful - civilians are desperate to flee from areas they control  
People are returning to work after  Daesh in E.  Mosul  - including staff tasked with saving lives at local hospita…  
ISIS using Chlorine gas bombs in  Mosul  
A  UK medical instructor teaches  Iraq-i medical students how to check airways  DefeatingDaesh  
In  Iraq ,students surprise one of their classmate by unexpectedly reuniting her with her mother from Mosul whom she hasn't… 
Captured  Daesh soldiers speak to   from a prison in N. Iraq  DaeshJustice  
Children enjoy colouring and painting in Khazer Camp  Iraq (photo credit  )  
Life is returning to E.  Mosul after  Daesh –  families are sta ing to return, living again in their own homes (vi…   
Interesting look at  Daesh-’s online radicalisation (via  )  
.    A look at  Iraqi  soldiers &amp; police from inside  Mosul via  AP  AFP &amp;  GettyImages.    OneTe…
Families that are forced to live under  Daesh are being kept in the dark -  as the price of utilities is spiralling  DaeshLi…
DiversityIsStronger...Stand together against the lies and depraved ideology of the  DeludedFollowers of  Daesh  
.  is celebrating the best in  Daesh repo ing for  WorldPressFreedomDay – ft.   
Read   list of best in  Daesh repo ing inc. pieces by   &amp;   for  WorldPressFreedomDay  
Great example of  Daesh repo ing for  WPFD2017 ‘Return to Mosul’ by    
‘ISIS Sent 4 Car Bombs. The Last One Hit Me’ by   on   list of best  Daesh repo ing    WPFD2017
On  WorldPressFreedomDay   are sharing the best in  Daesh repo ing ft. work by  
Today is World  PressFreedom Day – watch a video from the   Sec Gen   to mark the day  WPFD2017  
Follow the  DeludedFollowers of  Daesh and you risk, one day, losing everything you have and everyone you love and treasur… 
To mark World  PressFreedom Day, we're sharing great repo ing on  Daesh. @ us with any you think we've missed!   
explains the difficulty of fighting  Daesh in W. Mosul but how  ISF will come out on top  
Daesh tell their fighters they will be treated like Kings but the reality is very different  DaeshLiesExposed  
Toy shops thrive in Eastern  Mosul now  Daesh has been defeated (via  )  
UK is working to defeat  Daesh so no child should have to experience this (via  )  
Daesh seeks out the poor &amp; vulnerable by offering its  DeludedFollowers money, promising more riches upon reaching  Syria… 
.  over 1.7m people have returned home in  Iraq following  Daesh defeat in their areas  
Major advances against  ISIS terrorists today in  Tabqa, a key supply route, fu her tightening noose around  Raqqa. Phot… 
.  UK soldier counting up his Iraqi counterpa 's score following a range serial with 2nd Anbar…  
Daesh treat people in their territory with disdain and steal from them  DaeshLiesExposed  
READ: story of a Moroccan woman who unwittingly became an  Daesh bride  ISIS  
A displaced Iraqi couple with their grandchild in Khazer Camp  Iraq (photo credit:   )  
Realising the reality of life under  Daesh, foreign fighters flee  Syria &amp;  Iraq 
Daesh force civilians to give zakat to fund their terrorist organisation    
They don’t want you to know it but  Daesh are desperate, paranoid and falling apa   DaeshLiesExposed   
15 year olds Fadi &amp; Karam get back to school for first time in 2 years after  Daesh defeat (photo credit: OCHA)  
284,864 families have returned home across  Iraq thanks to  ISF &amp;   progress in  DefeatingDaesh [source…   
Child refugees reveal realities of life under  Daesh (via  )  ISIS
working closely with  ISF to defeat  Daesh in Mosul  MosulOps  
Civilians living under  Daesh do not have access to clean water, food, basic medical care or fuel.  DaeshLiesExposed   
UK soldier delivers a lesson on urban operations to trainees from Iraqi Border Guard Police  DefeatingDaesh  
Interesting look at 45 years of terrorist attacks across Europe.  UK is  DefeatingDaesh abroad to help protect UK  
.  explores former  Daesh-held territory in  Syria  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
on the frontline in the battle for West  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS   
Global health and security depends on all of us.  VaccinesWork only when we all work together.  
Free from  Daesh – civilians enjoy smoking in no hern  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  
5 fast facts on why  VaccinesWork!    
This World Immunisation Week we spoke to   DG candidate   on infectious diseases &amp; why  vaccineswork   
Over 2.1 million people in  Mosul have received emergency food, water and hygiene items since mid-October  MosulAid   
Satellite TV returns to  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  
Daesh are targeting already struggling businesses with unfair taxes and fees - crippling local livelihoods  
Women graduating from a sewing course in Debaga Camp  Iraq  
A barber plies his trade inside Jadah camp for those affected by  Daesh (photo credit IOM)  
A UK instructor debriefs Peshmerga students after training in Wide Area Security  DefeatingDaesh  
Find out more about the UK’s humanitarian suppo  to Iraq here  DefeatingDaesh
Global health security depends on access to vaccines and immunisations. Find out how   is suppo ing vacci…  
thx the incredible men &amp; women working to end vaccine-preventable diseases in Syria &amp; Iraq.…  
.  UK soldier training members of 2nd Anbar division of Iraqi Security Forces in marksmanship…  
. GettyImages show the success  Iraqi  police are having in the fight to liberate western  Mosul from  I…
The inside story of UK terrorism investigations -   code:SEVERE    ActionCountersTerrorism 
Keep up-to-date on the progress against  Daesh in  Mosul via    
are committed to the Global Vaccine Action Plan &amp; working towards access to vaccines for all in Iraq and…  
VaccinesWork to fight diseases.   is dedicated to increasing vaccine access in Syria and Iraq  
.  A Royal Engineer instructor demonstrates sandbag construction techniques to Iraqi Security Forces…  
Schoolteachers in  Mosul bring hope after 3 years of  Daesh education  DefeatingDaesh   
VaccinesWork to prevent 2-3 million deaths worldwide and the spread of disease  
The  Ninewa Directorate of Health has re-opened in E.  Mosul and 175 of its staff have resumed work
VaccinesWork to save lives and the   is proud to suppo  World Immunisation Week  
VaccinesWork to save lives and as such, Iraq has been declared polio free since 2015   
320 schools reopened in E. Mosul allowing around 258,000 children to return to education (photo: dilkoff/AFP)   
Messages of hope not hate: the  Mosul painter who is painting over  Daesh graffiti    
Daesh has lost 63% of the territory it occupied in  Iraq and 35% in  Syria  DefeatingDaesh  
2.5 million people have been freed from  Daesh-’s rule - many of whom have been able to return to their homes…  
Mosul residents play football again after  Daesh defeat   
Follow the progress against  Daesh in  Mosul here:    (via  )  DefeatingDaesh
Iraq-i schoolchildren are eager to sta  learning again after  Daesh defeat  
One  Mosul resident is painting over Daesh graffiti  DefeatingDaesh   
READ:   updated factsheet on the UK’s humanitarian response in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  
UPDATE: 202 new   projects to help accelerate stabilisation effo s in  Mosul  
Iraq-i violinist returned to  Mosul to give his first conce  since Daesh overran the city  DefeatingDaesh  
Gov. of  Iraq has provided 21,000+ boxes of books to 750 schools in areas liberated from  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh   
A wall emblazoned with a positive message in  Bashiqa, near  Mosul (image via   taken by  )   
It's not generosity - it is our duty to help those in need meets children displaced by conflict in  Mosul… 
Firearms &amp; weapons attacks in the UK are extremely rare, but it's impo ant to know what to do if such an incident hap… 
STRIKE UPDATE:   jets continued to hit Daesh hard over the Easter weekend:    DefeatingDa…
UK is working with social media companies to stop the spread of  Daesh-’s hateful propaganda  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
A very busy visit to Iraq last week where I reiterated Britain's continued suppo  to this country and its people. Here…
Neglected by  Daesh,  Mosul-’s last bear &amp; lion receive emergency care in Jordan   
Find the latest information about UK airstrikes against  Daesh in Iraq &amp; Syria here    
This is another example of  Daesh-’s hypocritical ideology  ISIS  
People of  Mosul are rebuilding their heritage after  Daesh destruction  ISIS   
Read the story of Dalal, a Yazidi woman rebuilding her life after  Daesh.    DefeatingDaesh  ISIS 
UK aid continues to provide vital humanitarian suppo  to help thousands of civilians in need in  Mosul, Iraq.   
UK soldiers oversee a lesson on urban operations to trainees from the Iraqi Border Guard Police  DefeatingDaesh…  
UK is working w/  pa ners to stop  Daesh from profiting from the trade of illegal antiquities…  
400,000 civilians have been trapped in West Mosul by  Daesh. Read their story here:    DefeatingDaesh  ISIS 
READ: the UK's commitment to working with pa ners in Jordan and Saudi Arabia to defeat  Daesh    DefeatingDaesh
UK pa ner  , has opened a new camp that will have capacity to house 30,000 people affected by  Daesh   
Despite their claims,  Daesh is unable to manage its money supply in  Raqqa  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS   
If you see extremist or terrorist material online, just ACT  ActionCountersTerrorism 
Daesh destroyed 100,000  Mosul University books. Now, a campaign has sta ed to restore  Mosul's cultural heritage   
Daesh are losing more and more territory every day. The  UK, with  , is   DefeatingDaesh   
WATCH:  ISF snipers target  Daesh terrorists in W.  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh (via  )  
.  profile on female fe ility clinic in Qayyara,  Iraq, which suppo s pregnant women escaping  Daesh  ISIS   
You can help defeat  Daesh - if you see extremist or terrorist material online, just ACT  ActionCountersTerrorism…   
VIDEO: on the frontline with  ISF snipers in W. Mosul (via  )  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS   
Image gallery (via  ) of the demining effo s in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS    
Daesh purposefully terrifies residents in  Raqqa to maintain control  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Our pa ner   has opened a new camp in Hamman al-Alil,  Iraq, to house civilians affected by  Daesh   
Read the latest   strike update here  DefeatingDaesh  
UK instructor teaches search planning &amp; techniques as pa  of the counter-IED Detect Course   DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Stay up to date on the latest figures, statistics and maps in the fight against  Daesh on   website…   
UK proud to be suppo ing our pa ner,   to deliver vital facilities to those escaping  Daesh…   
UK soldier assists an Iraqi soldier during a lesson in urban operations  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
VIDEO: watch the story of a painter from recently liberated E.  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  
Neglected by  Daesh,  Mosul Zoo’s last lion &amp; bear have been flown to safety out of the city   
Daesh continue their brutal &amp; cowardly use of civilians as human shields in W. Mosul   
UK suppo  to UN’s  Mosul Flash Appeal has helped provide shelter, water,sanitation, front line healthcare, &amp; prote…   
UK is suppo ing Govt. of Iraq to defeat Daesh &amp; build a stable, secure &amp; unified  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS   
Daesh are keeping people in the dark - with both their propaganda and how they run areas they control  
A Royal Engineer Search Team Instructor teaches Iraqi Security Forces on ground sign awareness  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Harrowing stories of life under  Daesh via our pa ner    
With our  UKaid commitment, when people are at risk of dying from conflict &amp; disaster, we have the tools &amp; expe ise to avoid… 
reveals extreme hardships faced by pregnant women escaping  Daesh  ISIS  
Nearly 1.6m people have returned home in  Iraq, thanks to   effo s  DefeatingDaesh   
Linda, who escaped from  Daesh territory, now helps children affected by  Daesh (via  )  ISIS   
We stand shoulder to shoulder w/ Iraq in its quest to bring peace to those living under Daesh rule htt… 
Life under  Daesh isn't how their propaganda po rays it - as the group's control has seen vital resources spiral in cost ht…
The greatest response to terrorism is in the everyday actions of ordinary people. Just ACT  ActionCountersTerrorism ht…
News release:   new camp south of  Mosul receives first families who fled the ongoing military operations.
A UK Medical Instructor delivers care under fire training to Iraqi Security Forces  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
UK has helped increased coordination between   &amp;  ISF in Iraq – improving humanitarian access for 1000s of ci…  
UK is working with Govt. of  Iraq to suppo   Iraq-is future generations in a world without  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL  
UK was one of the earliest &amp; largest donors to the UN’s  Mosul Flash Appeal – providing £70m to date (photo:…  
So far in the  Mosul offensive, 4089km2 territory has been liberated from Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS   
“They’re like my family and we are one Iraq”: Iraqi health volunteers help deliver new babies in camps  
Pleased to be in Baghdad again and underline Britain's effo s to help Iraq defeat  Daesh, and discuss post Daesh stabi… 
Maissa &amp; Muntaha were subjected to  Daesh oppression – now they help deliver babies in a refugee camp  ISIS  
220,000+ civilians have received assistance in IDP camps &amp; 500,000+ are receiving water from our pa ner,…   
Good discussion w/ Education Minister Dr Iqbal on impo ance of re-opening schools in Iraq. UK funds emergency education…
الدكتور العبادي يستقبل وزير الدولة البريطاني لشؤون الشرق الاوسط وافريقيا
UKaid has provided clean water &amp; sanitation to 200,000+ people in  Iraq via pa ner 
Soldiers from 4th Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland deliver a lesson on urban operations to Iraqi Border Guard Poli…
Listen to the story of a painter from E.  Mosul as he repaints the homes that were burned by  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  
Almost 1.6 million people have now returned to their homes in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
MAP:  Daesh has lost 63% of the territory it occupied in  Iraq and 35% in  Syria  DefeatingDaesh  
A UK counter-IED instructor teaches Iraqi Security Forces IED component pa s  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Daesh continue to prevent civilians fleeing W  Mosul, as they build an 'ever thicker human shield'    
.   Soldiers working with  Iraqi forces to make each day &amp; each shot count.    …
As  Mosul conflict intensifies, work continues on new   displacement camps. One expected to open this week. 
Last month,   teams reached more than 1.5 million internally displaced women, children &amp; men across conflict-hit  Iraq. –… 
The Coalition met today to discuss stabilisation - a key pa  of this is suppo ing the removal of deadly  Daesh booby traps…
Today, the Coalition's Working Group on Stabilisation is meeting to discuss ongoing effo s to stabilise liberated areas in… 
Hear from our Defence Attache, &amp; the UK’s lead in IED and mine disposal, on the challenges posed by  Daesh IED tactics  minea… 
Here’s how   help to remove dangerous explosives left behind by  Daesh:  
Just last week after  Daesh fighters challenged orders and dese ed their positions - someone is now leaking info from the inside
Daesh are not just morally bankrupt, they are financially bankrupt and asking people to steal for them  criminal 
Daesh finances in such a state they are begging their followers to steal  DaeshChaos
Daesh are facing financial issues, and are sta ing to impose unsustainable taxes   
Daesh are facing a crisis in  Raqqa – and have reso ed to confiscating people’s homes in response  DaeshChaos  
UK has suppo ed the recent opening of a 50-bed field hospital in  Mosul:  
Repo s from inside West  Mosul that  Daesh is taking food stocks from civilians
More than 220,000 civilians have received assistance so far in camps in E  Mosul and over 500,000 are receiving water from   
Daesh are forcing civilians into booby-trapped buildings in  Mosul  
READ:  's speech at the Landmine Free World 2025 event. The UK is committed to demining worldwide.  
The UK has pledged a fu her £1bn in aid to help Syrian refugees obtain education, skills and jobs 
Daesh are running low on suicide bomb volunteers and is struggling to pay its fighters  
.  has delivered 160 pieces of live-saving equipment to help  Iraqi forces detect explosives    MineAction2017
Daesh are in internal chaos - with their fighters openly defying orders and creating internal division  DaeshChaos  
The   teach the  ISF counter-IED procedures at Al Asad Air Base during  MineAwarenessWeek  
Daesh are facing a housing crisis in  Raqqa, and they are confiscating peoples homes in response  DaeshChaos   
Daesh are hiding booby-trap bombs inside children's teddy bears to inflict maximum damage to civilians  
The UK is sending military trainers to  Jordan to boost the fight against  Daesh    DefeatingDaesh
Meet the violinist from  Mosul:   My message to  Daesh through my music is that hope can never be stolen   
In  Mosul,  Daesh destroyed cultural a ifacts and turned a museum into a tax office. Now, they're being defeated   
Iraqi forces are closing in on  Daesh in  Mosul and eliminating their leaders    DefeatingDaesh
The British government has pledged almost £2.5 billion for Syria and the region.   
“I hope Mosul is retaken &amp; things return to way they were before.   UNICEF provides assistance 2 ppl fleeing Mosul, like Ham… 
Daesh propagandists in total disarray - less content, desperate leaks and loss of control over releases  DaeshChaos https:/… 
Daesh do not know what version of their own 'magazine' they are sending out  DaeshChaos  
Today  Daesh had to issue an urgent ale  to tell suppo ers to not download their own content  DaeshChaos  
Just last week  Daesh fighters challenged orders and dese ed their positions - now someone is leaking info from the inside…
UKAid to Syria and the region includes education for tens of thousands of children in Jordan and Lebanon over next 3 years  Su…
RAF delivers life-saving counter-IED equipment to  NATO training effo  in Iraq  GlobalBritain    https:/…
WATCH: Brigadier Gareth Collett,  UK counter-IED and mine disposal expe , on the challenges posed by  Daesh IED ta…   
The  UK is providing £13.25m to   to help clear  Daesh explosives in  Iraq  mineaction2017  
See images of Coalition pa ners training local forces to remove the explosives  Daesh leave behind  MineAction2017  
See images of Coalition pa ner effo s in mine and IED awareness training in our image gallery  MineAction2017  
Fleeing  Daesh fighters hide bombs inside teddy bears - Coalition suppo s  MineAction2017 to make areas safe again  
UK has helped train 44,000+  Iraq-i forces to date – impo ant for the long term safety of  Iraq   
In cities it has occupied,  Daesh has planted an average of 3,000 mines and IEDs, including in schools, homes and farmland… 
Thanks to  unitedkingdom Lt. Gen. Patrick Sanders for visiting  soldiers serving w/   in  Iraq.    …
UK suppo s the great work of   via   to help clear  Daesh IEDs from  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  MineAction2017
UK instructor demonstrating how to counter-IEDs to  Iraq-i Security Forces  DefeatingDaesh   MineAction2017  
UK instructor helps train 2  Iraq-i instructors in counter-IED. This enables  ISF to move safely forward…  
.  instructors observing counter-IED training around a model pit in  Iraq  MineAction2017  
.  soldiers with their Dutch counterpa s and  Iraq-i counter-IED students  MineAction2017  
Optima's High Risk Search Team are hard at work in Fallujah on International Mine Awareness Day  mineaction2017  togethe…
.  counter-IED instructor discusses tactics with his  Iraq-i counterpa   MineAction2017  
Our team in Baghdad are working hard to clear IEDs.  TogetherAgainstMines  MineAction2017  
.  recently delivered counter IED kits to  Iraq - see whats in each kit below via    MineAction2017  
Hear from   advocate Daniel Craig on International Day for  MineAction2017 - Coalition and its pa ners suppo  effo s…
The  UK is the military counter - Explosive Device (IED) training lead in  Iraq for the   against  Daesh…  
UK has provided £9.25m for UN – to manage explosive hazards in  Iraq – &amp; we will provide an additional £4m from Ap…  
STRIKE UPDATE: Watch RAF Typhoons destroy a Daesh defensive network near Kirkuk, Iraq  DefeatingDaesh   
UK helps  Iraq to stabilise areas liberated from  Daesh, contributing £13.25m to UN led effo s to manage explosiv…   
It’s Mine Action Awareness day - today we will be highlighting the UK’s role in helping clear  Iraq from  Daesh exp…  
Today is the 12th International Day for Mine Awareness &amp; Assistance in
UPDATE:  UK to send military trainers to  Jordan to help better integrate their air and land assets on operations:  
Read today's defence news including training suppo  for the Jordanians pa  of the coalition effo  to defeat Daesh https:/…
A bear and a lion, the last two surviving animals at  Mosul zoo, have finally been rescued from the ruins    ISIS 
Daesh have now lost 63% of the territory they once held in Iraq and are losing more every day    DefeatingDaesh  ISIS
One female prisoner tells her story about being forced to whip prisoners for not wearing veil    DefeatingDaesh  ISIS
READ: one woman tells her story about escaping her  Daesh abusers    DefeatingDaesh
READ: all the information about the UK's plan to defeat  Daesh:    DefeatingDaesh
The UK is providing over £20m of suppo  for UN stabilisation effo s in  Iraq to rebuild infrastructure and clear  Daesh explosives
Justice for  Daesh’s crimes not only empowers survivors, but also ensures peace     DefeatingDaesh 
UK aid for  Iraq has provided water and sanitation assistance for more than 200,000 people, and food for over 70,000 people ( ) 
READ: one woman's story about the horrors she saw in prisons run by  Daesh    DefeatingDaesh  ISIS
READ: the latest update about the  's air operations in  Iraq and  Syria:    DefeatingDaesh  ISIS
Thanks to the UK &amp;  's work, over a million people have been freed from  Daesh’s rule and have returned home  DefeatingDaesh  Daesh 
The UK has recently committed an extra £40m of humanitarian funding to  Iraq, bringing our total to £170m since 2014  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS 
The UK is playing a leading role in  DefeatingDaesh. Read how:   via:  )  ISIS
E  Mosul, land mines planted by  Daesh are being cleared to restore normality to the life of the city's people    ISIS 
READ: one woman, abused as a sex slave for two years, tells her story about escaping  Daesh    DefeatingDaesh  ISIS 
READ:  's statement to the   about the UK's campaign to defeat  Daesh    DefeatingDaesh
Since 2014, 50,000  Daesh fighters have been killed thanks to the work of the UK and other   pa ners  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS 
Global  ' against  Daesh explained:   (Via.  )
Daesh have now ordered that all payments to Daesh members be halted if they are captured by  Iraq-i forces (Daesh defector)  ISIS
MOSUL:  Daesh fighters have been challenging their orders and recently dese ing their positions (Daesh defector)  ISIS
How  Mosul's 'last librarian' is preparing for when his city is free from  Daesh   (via.  )
UPDATE:  Daesh fighters faced severe food &amp;water sho ages in Jan /Feb in Dayr az Zawr province  Syria &amp;  Mosul  Iraq (Daesh defector)  ISIS
Mosul residents reflect on brutal occupation - the reality of life under  Daesh (via.  )  
“The university’s central library was my second home   -  Mosul's 'last librarian' on life under  Daesh   
Life under  Daesh is brutal,  Mosul residents reflect:   (via.  ) 
READ: a statement by   foreign ministers after last week's ministerial in  Washington:  
UK is providing £15m+ of suppo  for UN stabilisation effo s in Iraq; inc. suppo ing the renovation of power networks, cli… 
RAF Akrotiri is better equipped than ever to suppo  the fight against  Daesh with a new runway   (via.  )
.  and the  Iraq-i govt have cut off  Daesh's finances, they can no longer pay fighters:   (via.  ) 
Daesh annual revenue has plummeted from an estimated $1.9bn in 2014 to $870m last year - and it continues to fall
READ: How can we bring children back to 'normality' after  Daesh:   (via.  )
RAF Akrotiri opens newly-renovated runway to suppo  the fight against  Daesh   (via.  )
Thanks to   effo s  Daesh are bankrupt and are unable to pay their fighters:   (via.  )
Find up to date information on  Daesh's territory losses here:    DefeatingDaesh
STRIKE UPDATE:  In challenging urban conditions, the RAF is continuing to suppo   Mosul operations  DefeatingDaesh   
RAF Akrotiri, where Britain's jets fly from in the campaign against Daesh, has opened a newly-renovated runway today https:/… 
'Daesh is losing territory in both Iraq &amp; Syria. The UK is leading effo s alongside Global   of 68 nations'  …
UPDATED MAP: Daesh-‘s areas of influence continue to shrink (via  )  
Meet the historian who is collecting books to replenish  Mosul-‘s library following  Daesh defeat  ISIS  ISIL   
Last wk   was w/   pa ners in Washington to discuss our effo s in  DefeatingDaesh…  
.  pa ners are working together to strengthen info exchange on the movement of foreign fighters  
Number of  Daesh fighters in Iraq &amp; Syria has been reduced to lowest levels in 2.5+yrs (via  )  
. -OIR: 200,000 people have returned home to Fallujah &amp; 300,000 children are back in schools in Anbar,  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh 
Meet the people of W. Mosul bravely withstanding  Daesh (via  )    
Read   to find out what   has achieved in fight against  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
. -OIR: 80% of the population in Ramadi,  Iraq have returned home  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL 
Read the testimonies of girls who went to join  Daesh, only to find out the reality of the terror group   
As pa  of our  DaeshJustice campaign, UK is providing significant funds to help prevent sexual violence in conflict   
Watch the moment an  ISF soldier is reunited with his mother - by chance - as he liberates  Mosul    MothersDay
Her son died fighting for  Daesh. Now, she's fighting to stop other mothers going through the same pain    MothersDay 
Across the world, mothers are uniting to protect their children from the hatred spread by Daesh.    MothersDay 
.  are helping mothers recognise the signs of violent extremism in their children    MothersDay
Incredibly powerful read about mothers of jihadists via    Daesh  MothersDay    
ISF soldier reunited with his mother after 2yrs following recapture of E. Mosul MothersDay
UK stands shoulder-to-shoulder with our pa ner, Govt. of  Iraq, to defeat  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL   
UK has contributed £170m+ to help those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq - creating a network of refugee camps (photo c…  
UK is working with Govt. of  Iraq to bring those responsible for  Daesh atrocities to justice  
These volunteers are working together to clear up  Mosul university  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
speaks to   about  UK success in training  ISF  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Working under  Daesh as a doctor was like being a “prisoner in a large prison”  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL    
Want to understand more about why  UK is involved in fight against  Daesh? Read here:  
U.S. STATE DPT:  UK is a key   pa ner &amp; committed to  DefeatingDaesh on all fronts  ISIS  ISIL  
.  was w/   pa ners in Washington this week to discuss our effo s in  DefeatingDaesh…  
As 1000s more civilians flee W.  Mosul,   is working with UN &amp; pa ners to provide life-saving aid…   
ISF making real progress in  Mosul, thanks in pa  to excellent training from  UK troops  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS   
Breakfast for Iraqi special police  mosul  
In 2016,  UK &amp;   suppo  for  ISF helped liberate Ramadi, Rutbah, Haditha, Sharqat, Hit, Fallujah &amp; Qayyar…   
PM: We are not afraid. And our resolve will never waver in the face of terrorism    
'This Coalition has proved we can fight together to defeat terrorism - we are all on the same ship, fighting side by side'… 
'Today we are seeing life returning to liberated cities, with economies normalising and sta ing again' -  Iraq-i PM Abadi… 
'We will overcome  Daesh with our democracy and our diversity - we have lived for centuries with such diversity' -  Iraq-i P…
Iraq-i Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi ( ) addressing Coalition members on  DefeatingDaesh. Watch live: https:/…
'Today our fight against  Daesh is in the stage of decimating it, not containing it' -  Iraq-i PM Abadi ( ) 
LIVE: Foreign Secretary   joins international pa ners for  DefeatingDaesh ministerial meeting:  
'A digital 'caliphate' must not flourish in the place of a physical one - Coalition committed to tackling  Daesh online' - S…
.  is training  ISF in Besmaya, Erbil, Taji &amp; at Al Asad Air Base in Anbar Province – 44,656 soldiers trai…   
NEWS: Foreign Secretary   at Global   counter  Daesh meeting:    
'We're ready to grow stronger in this battle (against  Daesh)' - US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson addressing Coalition  …
WATCH LIVE NOW: meeting of all 68   pa ners in Washington D.C.   
UK has suppo ed successful effo s to improve international coordination  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
UK providing vital suppo  to  Iraq-i forces inc. £4m of comms, medical &amp; logistics equipment  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS   
Help  TakeDaeshDown with your phone. Visit our website for more information:    
.  is set to discuss our  DefeatingDaesh progress w/   pa ners in Washington today…  
With  UK suppo ,  Iraq-i forces ramp up pressure on  Daesh in W. Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL   
The Coalition remembers those who lost their lives in Brussels a year ago today.  
UK has conducted 1,264 airstrikes against  Daesh – our strike contribution is second only to the U.S.…   
Daesh areas of control continue to shrink in  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL   
When I asked [students] what they wanted most, they said it was to study.   UNICEF Exec Director Anthony Lake visits school… 
Iraq-i forces are using drones in  Mosul, turning  Daesh tactics against the group  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS   
UK is funding projects &amp; specialist organisations to gather evidence of  Daesh atrocities in  Syria &amp;  Iraq  ISIS  
ISF push towards the Grand Mosque in W. Mosul – where Baghdadi once proclaimed the ‘caliphate’  DefeatingDaesh  
“Prevent is about safeguarding vulnerable individuals from radicalisation” (via  )  
UKaid   has helped set up a 50-bed hospital in  Mosul to suppo  those affected by  MosulOps  DefeatingDaesh  
We value our friendship with the US and our talks taking place today with   focus on strengthening our pa nership…
Honored to have  Iraq PM   here in  Washington for meetings with   &amp; our national security team. https:…
Radicalisation
Daesh execute their own fighter for taking money from civilians to help them flee in Albu Kamal,  Syria   
speaks to teachers in E. Mosul about getting back in the classroom following  Daesh defeat  ISIS  ISIL  
UK special envoy to Syria   explains why 6 years of war in  Syria is not ‘fine’  
Listen to the inside stories of UK terrorist attacks   'code:SEVERE'  ActionCountersTerrorism  
We want to feel safe and at peace  :Tarafa,80,&amp; 40 day-old grandson Sahar fled W   Mosul &amp; arrived at Hammam al-Alil camp to… 
Daesh fighters flee the battlefield as  ISF, suppo ed by   &amp;  ISF, put pressure on in W. Mosul   
Read UK pa ner,  -‘s, monthly situation repo  of  Iraq here:    DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL 
UK is funding projects to gather evidence of  Daesh atrocities in Syria &amp; Iraq  DaeshJustice (via  )  
You could be saving lives - don't worry, don't delay: Just ACT  ActionCountersTerrorism   
Last week  ISF recaptured a textile factory that  Daesh used as a jail to hold 300 women    DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
A Royal Engineer Sapper, from pa ner the  UK, teaches Iraqi Engineers about bridge construction, a vital skill in  MosulOps… 
1.6 million  Iraqi-s have returned to areas liberated from  Daesh, inc. 600,000 people in Ramadi &amp; around Fallujah  ISIS 
As  ISF approached in  Mosul,  Daesh “ran away like chickens”  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL   
UKaid provides cash assistance to almost 16,000 families in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  (photo credit…   
PM Abadi: “Daesh ... are in their final days”  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
explains why  SyriaCrisis must end (via )  
Advancing  ISF free ‘detainees' from  Daesh women's prison via    
Last month,  UK pa ner   provided learning materials to 87 schools in E. Mosul, reaching 73,780 children…   
UKaid in  Iraq has provided food for 70,000+ people &amp; household items for 80,000+ people affected by  Daesh  ISIS…   
ISF make strong progress against  Daesh in W.  Mosul despite bad weather  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Iraqi troops move ever closer to  Mosul-’s Great Mosque  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
320 schools have reopened in E. Mosul allowing 258,000 children to return to school  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL (ph…   
Syria-n children continue learning in safety of  Iraq-i camps  
UK is working with Iraq to bring  Daesh to justice – thanks to brave testimonies from many like    
Last year the UK funded projects in  Iraq to suppo  survivors of gender-based violence  DefeatingDaesh  
UK is providing £15m+ of suppo  for UN stabilisation effo s in  Iraq; inc. clearing  Daesh explosives…  
UK-funding providing life-saving assistance to families through our pa ner DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
WATCH:  Daesh lies exposed via   video  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
After suffering under  Daesh, see how Sido, a man from No hern  Iraq, is committed to rebuilding his country   
Check out useful maps &amp; stats on   progress here:    DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
Life under Isis was like slavery.” READ: personal testimony from a father under  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL    
Hea -warming story of resilience  from dancer who received death threats from  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Panicked Daesh shut down internet in Albu Kamal  Syria  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
A Royal Engineer Sapper teaches Iraqi Engineers about bridge construction, a vital skill in the fight to liberate  Mosul  De… 
Coalition forces have destroyed 212 Vehicle IEDs, 175 tunnels + 605 bunkers in  Mosul liberation ops  DefeatingDaesh https:/… 
Last year, UK funded workshops in Iraq to help tackle the stigma associated to gender-based violence   
UK’s £15m for UN stabilisation effo s in  Iraq is helping renovate water facilities, power networks, clinics &amp; sch…   
code:SEVERE  ActionCountersTerrorism
“Dancing in the Palmyra theatre was my way to fight Isis.” Brilliant story via    DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Police and Security &amp; Intelligence Agencies are committed to keeping you safe. We need your help too. Just ACT  Action…
UK is committed to preventing a lost generation in  Syria, and proud to be suppo ing nearly 800k children with access to e… 
Mohammad, displaced from western  Mosul last week, creatively protecting himself from the cold rain in Chamakor camp this mo… 
Statement by Priti Patel to the   on progress in the campaign against Daesh in Iraq &amp; Syria:  
Clothes shops in East  Mosul are reopening, full of colourful clothes - under  Daesh, the only colour people could wear was… 
.  met today to discuss foreign fighters - addressed issue of fighters returning as flow to  Daesh held areas lowes…
Mosul battle reaching final stages: Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi ( )  
A 2 Lancs soldier advises Kurdish Police on patrolling. These skills are being used to great effect in  Mosul +elsewhere  De…
WATCH:  Daesh lies exposed via   video  
Today is the 6 anniversary of  Syria crisis. UK continues to suppo  all effo s to achieve lasting political solution and…
Six years of conflict in Syria. UK continues to lead in international humanitarian response. Latest details:  
Follow the Battle for  Mosul via satellite maps (Source:  )  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
will attend meeting at   next week to discuss  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Stories of Daesh incompetence &amp; panic in  Syria  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
6 pa  video diary from   following the lives of those in liberated  Mosul   DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
'The initiative to end  SexualViolence in conflict is suppo ed by 157 countries and backed by practical action' -  …
.  hosts event w/PSVI co-founders Special Envoy Angelina Jolie &amp;   to mark 5 yrs  Timetoact  
ISF have retaken 17 out of 40 districts in W.  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
UK is suppo ing Govt. of Iraq to defeat Daesh, helping it to build a stable, secure, prosperous and unified Iraq…   
UK is suppo ing families like Abou, affected by  Daesh through our pa ner DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL   
.  returns to  Mosul to hear Iraqi hopes for a fresh sta   DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
New repo  suggests  Daesh finances cut sharply in 2016  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
ISF have made significant progress in W. Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
The UK have committed over £35 million to fund work to end  Sexualviolence in Conflict  TimeToAct  
UK is leading member of   - helping to defeat  Daesh globally  ISIS  ISIL  
I make tea, using some old textbooks as fuel to boil the water   - reality of life under  Daesh (Source: Samer, The  Raqqa Diaries) 
New repo  has found  Daesh finances cut sharply in 2016  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
'We did not have anything called medical care during... Daesh' - healthcare has returned to Jarablus,  Syria   
Not only are [Daesh] committing crimes against us, they are also committing crimes against our beloved religion  : Samer, The  Raqqa Diaries 
Last week, EU announced extra $14.8m, suppo ed by  UK, to help stabilise  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL   
READ: The dedicated medics working hard to restore a hospital in  Mosul  Iraq    Daesh  ISIS  ISIL
Last week  Iraq-i Forces claimed gains in battle for Mosul's Old City (via  )  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Daesh is producing 48% less propaganda than 18 months ago thanks to success of (Source:  )
A displaced boy and his goldfish amid crowds of children arriving from W.  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh (via.  )  
Mosul medics work hard to purge legacy of  Daesh from hospital (via.  ):    ISIS  ISIL
UN agencies w/Iraqi govt &amp;   suppo  expanding capacity for IDPs from  Mosul. 150k in excess capacity.  
50,000 Iraqis have returned home in E. Mosul – 1.5m nationwide.  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL   
Museum and Government offices reclaimed by  ISF in  Mosul  Iraq (via.  )  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Iraq-i troops find Assyrian treasures in network of  Daesh tunnels (via.  ):  
Samer, The  Raqqa Diaries: “ Daesh aren’t capable of providing even the most basic things for us. All they do is steal the little we have.” 
UK pa ner   is suppo ing children across  Iraq affected by  Daesh (via  )  ISIS  ISIL  
“We were starving for a month, feeding children water &amp; flour   - the reality of life under  Daesh in W  Mosul   
Iraq-i archaeologists have discovered carvings dating from 2000 yrs ago in a  Daesh tunnel network (via.  )  
UK suppo ed EU funding is helping stabilise  Iraq following  Daesh defeat  ISIS  ISIL  
Mosul museum left in ruins by  Daesh - another example of their lack of respect for historical a efacts:  
New repo  has found  Daesh finances cut sharply in 2016  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
26,000kg of explosives have been removed from Ramadi since it was liberated from  Daesh, meaning families can return home.  DefeatingDaesh 
Stay up to date on the latest figures, statistics and maps in the fight against  Daesh on   website   
.  suggests how children can be reintegrated into society following  Daesh violence  
This campaign to bring  Daesh to justice isn't just about Iraq. Or the Middle East. It is a global challenge.  …
looks at how  Daesh propaganda has been significantly affected by  MosulOps  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Want to know how an air drop aid mission works? Watch this video to see how  UKHelps in  Iraq  
You can make the difference - if you see something suspicious don't delay, Just ACT  ActionCountersTerrorism   
WATCH:   is helping  Iraq-i families affected by  MosulOps  ISIS  ISIL  
.    explores how children, who experienced  Daesh brutality, can be reintegrated into society    
WATCH: Incredible behind the scenes  Mosul story in the Discover section of   by  ,   and…   
UK is working with Govt of Iraq to bring  Daesh to justice. Investigative &amp; prosecutorial work is already underway across the world.
Powerful words from  's opening remarks at  EndImpunity event.
UPDATE: Check out  ,   and  's powerful behind the scenes  Mosul story in the Discover secti…   
Linda, who escaped from  Daesh territory, now helps children affected by  Daesh (via  )  ISIS  ISIL   
STRIKE UPDATE:   destroys Daesh lines of supply in and around  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh   ht…
The latest maps show  Daesh have now lost 62% of territory in  Iraq, and 30% in  Syria   
On  IWD   covered Amal Clooney's clothing.
UK pa ner   is providing vital suppo  to families affected by  Daesh &amp;  MosulOps   ISIS  
. -OIR:  ISF has liberated nearly 4000sqkm territory in  MosulOps so far  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
This week
The army gave us lots of assistance, even the shi s off their backs    MosulOps (via UNICEFIraq)   
Good day spent in Mosul, Erbil, Sulaimani. Met with troops, officials and old friends. Iraqis are united against Daesh h… 
This week, up to 5.6m  Iraq-i children under the age of 5 will receive a vaccination against polio (via  )   
analyses  Daesh-’s ‘irregular’ &amp; ‘incoherent’ propaganda  DefeatingDaesh   
UK is funding projects &amp; specialist organisations to gather and preserve evidence of  Daesh atrocities in Syria &amp; Iraq  DaeshJustice  ISIS
UK suppo s projects in  Iraq to increase use of International Protocol on preventing sexual violence in conflict  IWD2017
I am society  :  Iraq's cycling girls ride for freedom:    IWD2017 
UK is largest donor to    Iraq Humanitarian Pooled Fund helping to improve livelihoods for women heads of households  IWD2017
UK also suppo s the Govt of  Iraq’s National Action Plan on Women, Peace and Security  IWD2017 
Standing ovation at    RewritingTheCode award ceremony for the women of  Syria's  .  
Manal,   I'd like to thank the UK government for suppo ing Syria's civil defence and for suppo ing us perso… 
On  InternationalWomensDay   met with two   women. Commended them for their strength and bravery.  …
Displaced women in Iraq bear heavy responsibilities to take care of their families and themselves.
happy  Internationalwomensday   Basra staff carried messages of suppo  from some displaced families   
READ: How Chemen Rasheed, an aid worker, is helping to rebuild the lives of former  Daesh slaves:    IWD2017 
It was a way of challenging ISIS and extremist thought,   – how cycling is helping the women of  Iraq:    IWD2017 
How  Yazidi women are fighting back against  Daesh (via.  ) ISIS  ISIL  IWD2017
As largest donor to    Iraq Humanitarian Pooled Fund UK has provided protection for women &amp; girls among IDPs &amp; ho…  
Syria-n women struggle alone under  Daesh’s rule:    IWD2017
To mark  IWD2017 we've turned our profile purple - and we'll be sharing stories of inspirational women throughout the day  I…
UK funds projects to improve the documentation of sexual and gender based violence in  Iraq  IWD2017
Thanks to stabilisation effo s suppo ed by the Coalition, over 1.5m  Iraq-i ppl  have returned home - including 175k in li… 
Via   since 2013, 17 mass polio campaigns have vaccinated over 5.6 million of  Iraq-’s children multiple times 
ISF continue to put pressure on  Daesh in W. Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Honest &amp; powerful storytelling of life under  Daesh in  Raqqa (via  )  ISIS  ISIL  
'Code:SEVERE' Podcast Series - Listen Now
If you notice something suspicious that could be terrorist related don't delay
Last week,  UK proudly hosted the largest ever meeting to discuss counter  Daesh comms  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL   
-OIR General   thjones: 2000 people have returned to Fallujah since defeat of  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL
commander   thjones:   the inevitability of their destruction [is] a matter of time    DefeatingDaesh    
UK takes down the majority of  Daesh propaganda within 1 hour of it being published online  DefeatingDaesh
WATCH: Children of Jarablus jump for joy at being back in the classroom following  Daesh defeat (via  )  
Thanks to   &amp;  UK effo s, 1.5m+ people have returned to their homes in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL   
UK committed to helping Govt. of  Iraq defeat  Daesh – allowing children to learn again  DefeatingDaesh  
-OIR General   thjones: “I am confident that the Govt of Iraq, with our suppo , will defeat D…   
If you notice something suspicious that could be terrorist related don't delay. Just ACT  ActionCountersTerrorism http…
Thanks to  UK &amp;  , number of foreign fighters going to join Daesh is   a trickle    DefeatingDaesh   
UK takes down 2000 pieces of  Daesh propaganda online a week  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
Follow the Battle for  Mosul via    DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
UK General   thjones confirms that 45,000+  Daesh fighters were killed by   airstrikes up to Aug.16   
26,000kg of explosives have been removed from Ramadi since liberation from  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS   
UK, as pa  of  , has “significantly reduced Daesh propaganda output“  DefeatingDaesh   
UK General leading the fight against  Daesh: their use of drones is a sign of “desperation”  DefeatingDaesh  
2 million people who were under  Daesh control last year are now free  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Teachers of E. Mosul discuss their plans now they are able to teach again after  Daesh defeat (via  )   
People of Jarablus  Syria tell   about warped education under  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  
READ: excerpts from “The Raqqa Diaries” (via  ) – one man’s story of life under  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL  
UK General   thjones: “We are killing Daesh at a rate that they simply can’t sustain.”  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
speaks to teachers in E. Mosul about getting back in the classroom following  Daesh defeat  ISIS  ISIL  
Recently liberated E.  Mosul begins to thrive again  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
British Maj. General   thjones: fight against  Daesh will only end with terrorists’   destruction    ISIS  ISIL   
This week  ISF took control of the last major road out of W. Mosul - stopping Daesh from fleeing  DefeatingDaesh   
The UK successfully co-leads  ’s effo s to counter Daesh’s communications  DefeatingDaesh  
2,000+ letters of hope &amp; love have been dropped over Western  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL    
.  effo s are restricting  Daesh attempts to illegally exploit and smuggle oil  
DefSec:  Scotland’s 51 Brigade has a responsibility for capacity building and defence engagement in the  MiddleEast  engaged…
VIDEO:  Syria-ns tell   their favourite jokes about  Daesh (via  )  
1.5m+ people have returned home in  Iraq.  UK &amp;   are  DefeatingDaesh to ensure everyone can return home  
New research shows  Daesh is   seeking to survive   online as their territory shrinks  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL   
DefSec:  Scots-based Army units are contributing to UK effo s to keep the people of the UK safe by countering  Daesh in Ira…
Moving video from   Iraqi people share their memories of their homes &amp; hopes for the future  
UK is working with Govt. of  Iraq to suppo   Iraq-is future generations in a world without  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL  
“They’re like my family and we are one Iraq”:  Iraq-I health volunteers help deliver new babies in camps  ISIS  ISIL  
Ahmed hefts a box of hygiene supplies for himself + fam. 503 boxes were distributed around Kirkuk in Feb to newly displaced…
Brave  Syria-ns speak of  Daesh oppression &amp; their perilous journeys to safety (via  )  ISIS  ISIL  
Today's defence news incls: counter-Daesh operations, the UK's Russia expe ise, and missing airman Corrie McKeague   
Thanks to Coalition suppo ed stabilisation effo s,  Tikrit university has reopened - and students can study again on  Worl… 
Religious dispute within  Daesh is destroying the terrorist group from the inside  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Watch   answer your questions about the operation to defeat  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL  
On  WorldBookDay, hear from children in  Jarablus who have returned to school and are learning again after  Daesh   
MAP:  Daesh has now lost 62% of the territory it once controlled in  Iraq &amp; 30% in  Syria  
UK is 1 of 60 countries to contribute foreign terrorist fighter profiles to Interpol  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS    
New research from   shows  Daesh has been forced to reso  to insurgency tactics  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
WATCH: children in E. Mosul enjoy reading in school after liberation from  Daesh  WorldBookDay  
UKAid has provided clean water &amp; sanitation to 200,000+ people in  Iraq via our pa ners inc. 
On the frontline in the battle for  Mosul (via  )  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Trapped in Daesh-held Raqqa – one woman’s story (via BBCNews):  
Maissa &amp; Muntaha were subjected to  Daesh oppression – now they help deliver babies in a refugee camp  ISIS  ISIL  
One determined monk is training local teams to save precious manuscripts from  Daesh destruction  ISIS  ISIL  
Escapees from  Daesh-held areas in  Syria tell their stories (via  )  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
VIDEO:  ISF &amp;   put pressure on  Daesh in Western  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  
Guilt, poison gas &amp; Wilfred Owen revisited.   
Russia has vetoed for the 7th time on  Syria in 5 years.
WATCH:  Syria-ns tell their favourite jokes about  Daesh (via  )  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
STRIKE UPDATE:   suppo s Iraqi advances into western  Mosul   DefeatingDaesh    
Impo ant that victims of  Daesh have justice.  UK working closely with Govt of  Iraq on this.  Need urgent action to…
UK is working with Govt. of  Iraq to suppo   Iraq-i children devastated by  Daesh rule  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Divisions widen within  Daesh ranks over religious doctrine  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL   
Via   watch   answer your questions about how we are working together to defeat  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Gen. Jones:   26,000 kg of explosives have been removed from Ramadi since liberation &amp; 3,000 people have access to clean water.   
Gen. Rupe  Jones: “We say this a lot but it’s true: we work by, with and through our pa ner forces”  ISF  Defea… 
-OIR Gen. Rupe  Jones:   We are absolutely confident the Government of Iraq, with our suppo , will defeat Daesh.    ISIS 
-OIR Gen. Jones:   Daesh's messages of hatred are ever more muted.The result, foreign fighters have slowed to a trickle.   
Maj Gen Rupe  Jones   thjones   dep commander giving press conference right now on progress in  DefeatingDaesh
Gen. Rupe  Jones:   Last year alone Iraqi Security Forces liberated an area size of Wales    DefeatingDaesh 
Last month  Daesh lost a fu her 1000sq kilometres of territory in both  Iraq &amp;  Syria  DefeatingDaesh  
Eastern  Mosul is coming back to life (via NYTimes)  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
It kind of hu .   Ayat, 9, &amp; her family got flu shots at a camp in  Iraq where   is helping to provide life-saving s… 
2,000 letters signed “we are all Iraq, I love you” have been dropped over Western  Mosul    DefeatingDaesh 
Follow Sri Rahayu’s story of how she escaped from  Daesh-held  Raqqa in  Syria (via  )  
Thanks to  UK &amp;   effo s, the number of foreign fighters to  Daesh-held areas is the lowest in 2.5yrs   
UK is helping provide clean water &amp; sanitation to refugee camps in  Iraq via our pa ner 
Interesting story of how one monk is saving religious manuscripts from  Daesh destruction (via  )  
Over 54,000 children are back in school in E. Mosul; enjoying learning and playing with friends (via  )   
Mediterranean migration: UK aid has provided 1.6 million meals to refugees and migrants in Greece and Serbia from October 2015…
Another victory for Iraqi security forces against the so-called Islamic State.  
Those on the ground in  Syria understand the reality about  Daesh - that they are losing shrinking  
Daesh forces Western  Mosul’s residents to feed its combat detachments before themselves: :    ISIS  ISIL  Mosul
From one withdrawal to another - the reality of life under  Daesh:   (via.  )  ISIS  ISIL
Daesh's finances are being destroyed    ISIS  ISIL  DefeatingDaesh
Daesh can't even provide food for it's fighters - instead they force starving civilians to feed them    ISIS  ISIL
Iraq- Security forces seize 400 IEDs east of Ramadi: :    ISIS ISIL  DefeatingDaesh
Explosives left by  Daesh continue to pose a serious threat to civilian lives in  Syria:   (via  )
Iraq-i forces continue to sieze  Daesh IEDs:    ISIS ISIL  DefeatingDaesh
You can make a real difference. If you see extremist &amp; terrorist propaganda online repo  it anonymously here ==&gt; http…
Our pa ner the UK has provided £170m in humanitarian suppo  to  Iraq cc    
Today's Defence in the Media blog includes repo ing about the RAF striking British jihadists fighting for Daesh:  
STRIKE UPDATE:   jets continue to suppo  Iraqi troops advancing on western  Mosul:    De…
Daesh are disappearing from  Twitter. Online effo s, suppo ed by the   have dramatically reduced their influence… 
CJTFOIR Deputy Commander, Maj Gen   thjones, talks about the ongoing fight to  DefeatDaesh in Mosul and Raqqah   
The Coalition is committed to helping stabilise liberated areas of  Iraq  
Daesh landmines cause more civilian casualties in no hern  Syria:   (Via.  )  ISIS  ISIL
Meet Husam, the scooter-riding  Syria-n amputee with an incredible story:    SyriaCrisis 
Daesh block civilians exiting from their areas - targeting those leaving with landmines or gunfire:    ISIS  ISIL
Congratulations to Iraqi forces for completing complex maneuver ops to secure  Mosul airpo  from  ISIS terrorists.  ISIS…
READ: How  Daesh's leadership are failing under the pressure of  MosulOps:    Iraq  ISIS  ISIL
Here's what the UK is doing to defeat  Daesh:    DefeatingDaesh  CoalitionUnity
IN PICTURES: The couple of got married in Khazer refugee camp after fleeing  Iraq in  Mosul:   (Via.  )
READ: Coalition's most recent Operational Update on W  Mosul:   (Via.  )
READ: What the UK is doing to defeat  Daesh:    DefeatingDaesh  CoalitionUnity
Mosul refugees get married at Khazer camp:   (Via.  )
Western  Mosul Operational Update as of Sunday Feb 19th:   (Via.  )
Watch people from  Mosul discuss their hopes of returning, as  Iraq-i forces make progress in the city via 
30,000 people have returned to East  Mosul since its liberation [Source: Iraqi Govt] 
It was an emotional reunion for this family in eastern  Mosul:   (via.  )
Returning home to  Mosul (via.  )  
Congratulations to the  Iraq-i forces on liberating Alghezlani camp, it's a big step for full liberation of West  Mosul. http… 
Separated  Iraq-i families hold emotional reunions in liberated eastern  Mosul   (via.  )
Update on  Iraq-i progress and Coalition suppo  in the operation for Western  Mosul  
Hundreds of families left  Iraq camps for  Mosul return in January (via.  ):  
Daesh are failing – the number of foreign fighters in their ranks is at its lowest ever level ⤵️  CoalitionUnity https…
Markets are open and busy, men are mending roads damaged in fighting, traffic is surprisingly dense   - 
In  Iraq, the  WHO and  UNICEF have launched a vaccination campaign to protect children under 5 years old via   @… 
UK Special Rep to  Syria   outlines UK fight against  Daesh &amp; why  Assad can't be a pa ner.  
Thanks to international effo s,  Daesh are now collapsing online as quickly as they are on the ground  CoalitionUnity https… 
Warm winter clothes make all the difference for children who fled  Mosul in  Iraq:    via    Iraq
Schools are reopening in  Mosul  Iraq after two years of  Daesh rule:   (Via.  )
This school has reopened in Tullaban  Iraq after two years of living under  Daesh:   (Via.  )
Take a look at the battle against  Daesh from the ground w/ , in FRONTLINE &amp;  ’s 360° video  
Inside the battle for  Mosul:   ( )
514 polio and measles vaccinations were given to children under the age of 15 years last week [Source :@ UN OCHA (6 Feb – 12 Feb 2017)]
Pigeons have returned to the skies &amp; rooftops of  Mosul – signalling demise of  Daesh’s control (Daesh banned them) via.    
Why we need to fight to save  Mosul’s cultural heritage according to    
An on-the-ground look inside the battle against  Daesh w/ , in FRONTLINE &amp;  ’s 360° video  
The return of pet pigeons to the skies and rooftops of  Mosul  Iraq signal the demise of  Daesh’s control (Via.    )
Iraq-i forces 'within sight' of  Daesh stronghold of  Mosul   (via.  )
FACT:  Daesh continued to lose territory in January, across  Iraq and  Syria- find out how much in our updated map   
As Russian &amp; Iranian leaders mislead the world about Syria at  MSC2017,  BreakingAleppo sets the record straight   
Every day,   pa ners are training and suppo ing  Iraq-i forces so they can defeat  Daesh cc    CoalitionUn… 
Welcomed with open arms by  ISF, Haytham &amp; his family are now safe in E.  Mosul    DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL 
.  - effo s are making a difference – as  Daesh propaganda hits new lows  CoalitionUnity  
ToujoursLeChoix is an immersive experience aimed at preventing radicalization of young men and women:  
1.3m people have returned to liberated areas. 600,000 have returned home in  Anbar, of which 500,000 returned to  Ramadi &amp;  Fallujah  Iraq 
Meet the  Iraq-i fire fighters who risk their lives to put out the fires  Daesh left behind (via  )   
PM Al-Abadi announces the sta  of operations to liberate the Western side of Mosul city
Townsend, who heads the U.S.-led   on  Mosul  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh:   
Film depicting the ordeal of a Yazidi girl taken hostage by  Daesh jihadist group won best feature at Film Festival:  
U.S. Army Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend   within the next six months I think we'll see both  Mosul &amp;  Raqqa conclude. 
Film of abducted  Yazidi girl ‘The Dark Wind’ wins  Dubai award  
‘What stunned me is how quickly life has returned’ – read   on the situation in E. Mosul   
Today in  Mosul: Retaken pa s of  Daesh stronghold return back to life  
Stopping travel to suppo   Daesh helps to reduce their numbers &amp; contributes to their defeat…  
It's impo ant the international community come together to bring  Daesh to justice    
It's impo ant the int'l community comes together to bring  Daesh to justice    
Working closely with Belgium on this.  
UK continues to champion impo ance of global community holding  Daesh to account:    
Training  Iraq-i forces is essential to the success of the mission to  DefeatingDaesh    
Defence Secretary urges Coalition to do more as   continues to strike Daesh in  Mosul:  
STRIKE UPDATE:   Typhoons bomb a Daesh headqua ers in no h-western Mosul:    DefeatingD…
UK suppo   Iraq-i Govt’s military mission to defeat  Daesh. The UK plays a role in several ways  CoalitionUnity  
The UK has conducted over 1200 airstrikes against  Daesh in  Syria &amp;  Iraq    CoalitionUnity  
[LIVE NOW] Meeting of the Counter ISIS Coalition    CoalitionUnity  
Daesh is losing territory &amp; they are on the back foot. UK at the forefront of the military effo   CoalitionUnity  
Together with  Iraq-i Govt &amp;   UK is helping lead the military campaign to defeat  Daesh:…  
UK suppo   Iraq-i Govt’s military mission to defeat  Daesh. The UK plays a role in several ways:…  
UK plays a leading role in the military operation to suppo  the  Iraq-i Govt in  DefeatingDaesh:  
UK has helped train over 39,000  Iraq-i forces so far - impo ant for the long term safety of Iraq…   
Daesh is losing territory &amp; they are on the back foot. UK at the forefront of the military effo :…  
UK plays a leading role in the military operation to suppo  the  Iraq-i Govt in  DefeatingDaesh:…  
Children are getting back in the classroom &amp; have access to life saving suppo  in  Syria:    
Live now!  CJTFOIR DCG MG Jones is briefing the Pentagon Press Corps. Watch live here   via   h…
Financial suppo  is just one of the ways the  UK is helping  Iraq:    CoalitionUnity  
1,000's of families have access to life saving suppo  following UK and   funding in Iraq:   
Thousands of families now have access to life saving suppo  thanks to UK and   funding:…  
UK funding helps to suppo  thousands of families across  Syria to help rebuild their lives again.…  
Find out how the Coalition is working to stabilise liberated areas in  Iraq  CoalitionUnity  
This is just one of the ways the  UK is helping  Iraq. Read more here:    CoalitionUnity  
UK is committed to suppo ing the people of  Iraq as they sta  to recover from life under  Daesh:…  
Read &amp; Share: Strong Insight   highlighting impo ant work of  Prevent de-radicalising a 9yo boy who had see…
Thanks to   effo s, the  Daesh illegal oil trade is collapsing  CoalitionUnity (via.  )   
Blocking  Daesh from banking systems makes it more difficult for them to fund terrorist activities:…  
By stopping  Daesh cash flow,  UK &amp;   work together to defeat  Daesh in  Syria &amp;  Iraq…   
No money makes it hard for  Daesh to survive.  UK &amp;   work to cut off their supplies:…  
Blocking  Daesh's access to the banking system makes it difficult for them to transfer money:…  
Countering  Daesh-‘s finances is one of the  ’s 5 lines of effo  which UK suppo s…  
Cutting off  Daesh’s money supply is integral to their defeat. Read more on  UK Coalition effo :…  
Degrading  Daesh’s communications is key to their defeat. Read more about what the UK's effo :  
DefeatingDaesh online is impo ant to their defeat. Here’s how the  UK is helping  …  
Terrorists will do all they can to disrupt our way of life. Today we're taking action in  UNSC to protect critical inf…
Terrorist material doesn't have a place online. Read more about  UK effo  to defeat  Daesh here:…  
Working together with pa ner countries is the only way to reduce impact of  Daesh’s communications:…  
.  effo s are making a difference – as  Daesh propaganda hits new lows  CoalitionUnity (via.  )  
Online effo s, suppo ed by the  , have dramatically reduced  Daesh influence via    CoalitionUnity…   
With   suppo  provided cash help suppo ing basic needs for 11k+ IDPs in S.  Iraq
The Global   is dedicated to  DefeatingDaesh – find out more about the mission here:…  
Thanks to international effo s, they are now collapsing online as quickly as they are on the ground…   
UK works closely with private sector orgs. to make sure extremist content is removed at pace:…  
Online terrorist material is completely unacceptable.  UK works hard to ensure content is removed:…  
Daesh are losing online as well as on the ground – they are now outnumbered in both places  CoalitionUnity (Via.…  
Degrading  Daesh’s communications is key to their defeat. Read more about what the  UK's effo :…  
With  Daesh driven out of their neighbourhoods, local people in East  Mosul are coming together to bring life back to their… 
Did you know the UK is a member of the   against  Daesh? Find out more here:    
Daesh has reduced fighters’ monthly salaries by up to 50% in  Raqqa &amp; dismissed all female healthcare workers to avoid paying  wages
Ski reso  in  Iraq provides snowy fun for  Mosul residents without fear of repercussion from  Daesh  
Via   18 out of the 25 oil wells set alight by Daesh in Qayyarah have now been extinguished – giving clearer air to local residents
UK is working with Govt of  Iraq &amp;   pa ners to help stabilise  Mosul after  Daesh defeat  ISIS  ISIL  
New videos on   YouTube of  Iraq-i people telling their stories &amp; jokes about  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  
UK is helping provide education to  Syria-n children – with 23,000 more children in classrooms in Jordan than last…   
Over 170,000 people from Tikrit (95%) have returned home and the university re-opened  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL   
Toxic gas and oil spray: meet the Iraq-i fire fighters tackling  Daesh oil fires  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL   
Iraq-i female parliamentarians are working hard to rebuild  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Documents show  Daesh fighters are losing faith on the front line  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Daesh dese ions increase as  ISF keep the pressure on in  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL…  
Visit   YouTube channel for videos of  Iraq-i people recalling their escapes from  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  
.  Counter Terrorism Internet Referral Unit removed 4 times more pieces of terrorist material online in 2016 than 2015  Daesh
Thanks to  UKaid, 165,000+ Syrian children are currently in school in Jordan  Suppo Syrians 
UK is encouraging other int’l donors to keep pace in response to  SyriaCrisis to ensure targets are reached  
Newly liberated  Iraq-i families enjoy well deserved fun &amp; snowball fights at ski reso    
Ayman was sold by  Daesh for $500 to  Mosul couple. Last week  ISF found him &amp; returned him to his family  ISIS  
A variety of delicious nuts, dried fruit and sweets at a stall in the old market in  Erbil City,  Kurdistan Region of  Iraq htt… 
visited refugee camps in Jordan &amp; Lebanon to see the work of  UKaid in action  SyriaCrisis  
UK is providing over £15m of suppo  for   stabilisation effo s for  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
UK is a leading member of  . All 68 members are committed to  DefeatingDaesh in  Syria &amp;   Iraq &amp; across…  
Daesh ideology undermined by increasing  Daesh dese ions &amp; refusal to carry out attacks  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Daesh dese ions on the rise – the terrorist group have been forced to block routes out of  Mosul to fighters  ISIS  
In 2015/2016,  UK suppo  in  Syria provided 260,000+ people with sexual and gender based violence suppo   …   
Last week UN envoy to  Iraq provided a forward look to life after  Daesh in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Now safe in a refugee camp, former Mosul resident tells his story of life under  Daesh to    ISIS  ISIL   
Watch   give his weekly briefing to repo ers on progress in  DefeatingDaesh:   (via   @…
UK is the 2nd biggest bilateral donor of humanitarian aid to  Syria having committed £734m to help those affected…  
The average lifespan of a terrorist social media account, from creation to deletion, is now less than 2 days  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL 
Iraq-i policeman reaches safety of refugee camp &amp; speaks to   of  Daesh rule in  Mosul  ISIS  ISIL  
Thanks to effo s on the ground, 18 out of the 25 oil wells lit by  Daesh near  Mosul have been extinguished - giving cleare… 
People in  Mosul are coming together to make their city more beautiful - including this girl, sweeping up in her neighbourho… 
Almost 1.4 million displaced people have now returned to their homes in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Daesh fighters run from the battlefield in  Syria – evidence of  Daesh internal division &amp; struggle  DefeatingDaesh  
Keep up to date on developments in the battle for  Mosul on our dedicated page    
UKaid has helped provide clean water &amp; sanitation to 1000s people in  Iraq via    
In 2015/2016  UKaid &amp;   helped 240,000+ children access formal education in  Syria  SyriaCrisis   
Positive messages &amp; graffiti are being painted across the war torn walls of  Baghdad via  .   ht…
Daesh has imposed new taxes on civilians in  Mosul to finance its fight against  ISF  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Last year,   Counter Terrorism Internet Referral Unit removed 121,151 pieces of terrorist material  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL 
Increasing numbers of  Daesh dese ions provide evidence of  Daesh division &amp; chaos among ranks  ISIS  ISIL   
30,000 ppl have returned to easterm  Mosul. Thanks to aid agencies, they're getting water. Distributing 1.3 million liter… 
People in  Syria are adamant that they want to see  Daesh defeated - so they can begin to rebuild their communities  
UK is working with   pa ners &amp;   to provide vital water &amp; sanitation to over 1m  Iraq-is  
Young Yazidi boy, who was sold by  Daesh, is reunited with family after 18 months  ISIS  ISIL   
repo  shows the barbarism that is at the hea  
Daesh force women to carry out suicide attacks as fighters flee the battlefield  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Priti Patel meets children at UK-suppo ed
Daesh are failing and losing territory across  Iraq and  Syria. Find out more here:  
Fight vs  Daesh is working, on finance, leaders, FTFs. Focus now   on accountability, returnees, countering Daesh story.… 
Thanks to  , Muhammad &amp; his family have received vouchers to purchase winter clothes  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh   
See images like this one, of a boy liberated from  Daesh, on our dedicated  Mosul page here:   https:/… 
Since June 2014,  UK has provided food for 70,000+ people affected by  Daesh in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL   
With  UK air suppo ,  ISF squeezing  Daesh on frontlines – encouraging more  Daesh dese ions  ISIS  ISIL   
A  Syria-n  Daesh defector tells his story (via  ). Read Pa  3 now  
Today at the  
New horrifying   repo  that estimated 13
As  Daesh seek to destroy cultural sites, the Coalition is committed to protecting them - read more here   
Sickened by repo s from Amnesty International on executions in Syria. Assad responsible for so many deaths and has no fu…
2,000+ farmers affected by  Daesh in  Iraq have received 750tonnes of fe iliser from UN   to increase crop production 
Pa  2 of the story of a  Syria-n student who defected from  Daesh after living their falsehoods  ISIS  ISIL  
Funded through  ,  UK is helping victims of gender based violence in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL   
NEWS - Patel: Syria progress at risk without new push in 2017    
Hear from one former Daesh fighter on why he joined the group, and why he left: DefeatingDaesh 
Read about how our pa ner the UK suppo s those displaced by  Daesh via   cc    
Read the experiences of one  Syria-n university student who joined  Daesh – pa  1 from a  Syria-n defector  
Peter Hawkins of   explains what it means to both teachers &amp; children to get back to school in  Iraq  
The  UK is one of the top donors responding to the  SyriaCrisis and we thank them, visitng  Azraq refugee… 
Last year the  UK provided a £300m loan guarantee through   to suppo   Iraq-’s reconstruction following  Daesh defeat  ISIS  ISIL
Daesh took away their crops – now 2,000+  Iraq-i farmers are receiving 750 tonnes of fe iliser thanks to UN   
7 year old Mohammad enjoys his first few days back at school with friends in  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  
READ:   visits  Jordan &amp;  Lebanon refugee camps to meet those receiving  UKAid:    
Up to 35,000  Iraq-i children affected by  Daesh will receive warm winter clothes (via  )  ISIS   
Sick notes from fighters prove  Daesh is failing &amp; scared.  UK will keep up the pressure to  DefeatDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
UPDATED STAT (via  ) now 23,000 children in  Mosul are able to learn &amp; play together in school   
Last year  UK committed fu her £40m to aid agencies in  Iraq to suppo   MosulOps  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Inside  Daesh in  Syria: real life experiences from a  Daesh defector (pa  3)  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Mosul teachers are able to suppo  their families again after 2 years out of the classroom  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
By learning &amp; playing,  Iraq-i children are able to sta  coping with the loss, fear &amp; violence caused by  Daesh   
Congratulations to  Mosul couple who held the first post- Daesh wedding in E. Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL    
Read pa  2 of the story of a  Syria-n defector from  Daesh – describing  Daesh ineptitude &amp; falsehoods  
UK committed to suppo ing Govt. of  Iraq after  Daesh defeat – inc. £300m loan guarantee through   in 2016  ISIS  ISIL
Read the experiences of a  Syria-n university student who joined  Daesh – pa  1 from a  Syria-n defector  ISIS  
Up to 35,000  Iraq-i children affected by  Daesh will receive warm winter clothes (via  )  ISIS   
UK is suppo ing victims of extreme gender based violence in  Iraq through   (via  )   
Iraq-i boys wrap up warm for school as they begin lessons again &amp; enjoy playtime  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Iraq-i couple hold ‘wedding of freedom’ as  Daesh are driven from E. Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Back to school for 1000s of  Iraq-i children in  Mosul (via  )  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Last week food packages were distributed to 69,000 people in E. Mosul – read   latest sit. rep  MosulAid   
Our pa ner   has helped over half a million children in  Iraq get back into the classroom  
UK proud to have suppo ed water &amp; sanitation assistance for 200,000+ people in  Iraq since June 2014…   
Filming from the frontlines: watch the Battle for  Mosul via    
Last week,  ISF claimed E.  Mosul – look what  Daesh left behind  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS   
30 schools have now reopened in Eastern  Mosul, allowing 23,000+ children to resume education – photo via  …   
UKaid in  Syria has delivered over 21.7m food rations &amp; over 6.5m relief packages  SyriaCrisis    
UK has proudly trained over 32,000  ISF in combat, medical &amp; engineering skills  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL 
UK is working closely with  ,   &amp; NGOs to ensure the safe return of  Iraq-is to their homes – so far, 1…   
Watch this now: Amidst rubble and ruin in Eastern  Aleppo,   is providing men, women and children food -- and hope https:… 
In  Tikrit, over 170,000 people have returned to their homes thanks to stabilisation effo s - and the city's university has… 
UK has committed over £170m in aid to help those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq – inc. £40m in  MosulAid   
One  Iraq-i schoolteacher survived  Daesh control by creating an oasis in his garden  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL   
.  was embedded with  Iraq-i forces in  Mosul for 6 weeks – watch via    
UK proud to have met 0.7% UN aid spending target – of which, £170m is helping those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq   
UK has committed £40m to help those affected by  MosulOps &amp;  Daesh terrorism  MosulAid  
STRIKE UPDATE: RAF helps Syrian Democratic Forces near  Raqqa, destroying a Daesh armoured vehicle  DefeatingDaesh   
Iraq-i teacher owns pet birds as symbols of hope for future of  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Read the story of one brave  Iraq-i woman, who left her husband &amp; escaped  Daesh with her children  ISIS  ISIL   
Huge Iraqi flag raised by  Iraq's forces and locals in  Mosul on the same pole where a large Da'ish flag was raised. htt…
Every month, around 900  Iraq-i police officers are trained by the Coalition, to ensure stability in areas liberated from  D… 
“This is the first time we have had a peaceful sleep in 2 years. We're thankful for the suppo  we received.” – Zahra, Iraq  … 
Suppo ed by  , UNICEF is working with pa ners to respond to the increase in gender based violence in  Iraq: https:… 
Iraq-i woman escaped  Daesh &amp; her husband in search of a better life with her children  ISIS  ISIL  
Iraq-i teacher builds an oasis in his garden as safe haven from  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Emotive photos &amp; a icle from   on the frontline in  Mosul with  Iraq-i Special Forces  DefeatingDaesh  
Joy of E.  Mosul families who begin to return home - over 28,000 people have returned (stat via  )   
.  followed  Iraq-i Special Forces in the fight for  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL    
Almost 1.4m displaced people have now returned to their homes in  Iraq thanks to  UK &amp;   humanitarian &amp; stabilisation effo s
Dese ions in  Raqqa &amp;  Daesh desperation to recapture the fighters provide fu her evidence of  Daesh desperation  
UPDATED STAT (via  ) : 28,980 people affected by  MosulOps have now returned home  DefeatingDaesh    
Subscribe to   YouTube channel to see   pa ner’s effo s, inc.  UK, in stabilising  Iraq   
Life is returning to Eastern  Mosul - and children are sta ing to get back into the classroom  
UK working to stem flow of  Daesh finances from antiquity trafficking  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Over 380 volunteers are painting positive messages &amp; images across  Baghdad-‘s war torn walls (via  )  
UK are leading counter-IED training for  ISF on behalf of the    ISIS  ISIL  
A rehabilitation centre in  Iraq produces prosthetic limbs &amp; offers vocational training for disabled  Iraqi-s  
UK is working with   to prevent  Daesh profiting from the illicit trafficking of antiquities  ISIS  ISIL  
On the 100th day of the  Mosul operation, watch the story of one barber who had his busiest day for 20 years after his area… 
Beautiful images of hope &amp; unity are being painted across  Baghdad  Iraq (via  )  
UK has provided £8.25m for management of explosive hazards in  Iraq – helping  Iraq-is return home  
Brilliant initiative helping  Iraq war victims to get back on their feet  ISIS  ISIL  
For updates on  UK strikes &amp; military action in  Iraq &amp;  Syria follow   and check    
.  suspended nearly 400,000 terror-linked accounts in 2016  DefeatingDaesh 
Daesh fighters continue to decline - with increased dese ions in  Raqqa  ISIS  ISIL  
Iraq: Children are happy to be back in school in Salah al-Din where we’ve installed tent classrooms and sanitation facilities.…
.  working together has prevented  Daesh from accessing revenue through international banking system  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
People living under  Daesh control are denied basic services - as they are prioritised for the group's fighters  
Children, recently liberated from  Daesh, smile and wave in East  Mosul, as they look forward to their lives slowly returnin… 
Across  Iraq, the Coalition suppo s effo s to help families return to their homes in areas liberated from  Daesh   
Follow the UK’s latest  strikeupdate-s in  Iraq and  Syria here   (via  )  
UK’s Counter Terrorism Internet Referral Unit removed 121,151 pieces of material from the internet by21 December 2016 - 4x as many as 2015 
Flow of foreign fighter has reduced &amp; dese ions are increasing.  Daesh is desperate &amp;now relies on things like conscription  defeatingDaesh
Only international action through   has prevented  Daesh from accessing revenue through the international banking system
FACT: the Government of  Iraq has cut off over 90 bank branches in  Daesh territory  DefeatingDaesh  ISIL
Prime Minister Abadi announced the liberation of East  Mosul this week - read more on progress in the operation  
Daesh have reduced their fighters’ monthly salaries by up to 50% in  Raqqa - they are growing weak (Via.  )
Daesh punish residents &amp; raise taxes on basic amenities in  Raqqa - another example of how they are failing:  
90 bank branches in  Iraq  Daesh territory have been cut off by the Government of Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  ISIL
.  has reduced Daesh oil production by 25-30% - that’s more than 10,000 barrels per day  DefeatingDaesh  Syria  Iraq 
Daesh haven’t paid wages of electricity workers for 2mnths &amp; have refused to pay female healthcare workers’ wages in  Raqqa ( )
Daesh have raised the taxes on services like electricity and water in  Raqqa:  
FACT:   has reduced  Daesh oil production by 25-30%, more than 10,000 barrels per day  DefeatingDaesh  Syria  Iraq 
FACT: the UK has committed £2.3bn to suppo  the  SyriaCrisis since 2012  Syria
Financial suppo  is integral to helping stabilise  Iraq, UK provides £300m loan guarantees to  Iraq through the World Bank  Suppo ingIraq 
FACT: the UK has committed £169.5m in humanitarian assistance to  Iraq, £40m of this is dedicated to the  Mosul cam…   
Since 2012 the UK has committed £2.3bn to suppo  the  SyriaCrisis  Syria
Did you know the UK provides £300m in loan guarantees to  Iraq through the World Bank? Another way we are helping the stabilisation of Iraq
In September 2016 UK announced a fu her £40m in humanitarian assistance for  Mosul - UK total humanitarian commitment is now £169.5m
Positive news from East  Mosul as 'priceless' Assyrian a efacts are reclaimed by  Iraq-i troops  
“Omar!” I shouted to my best friend of 16 years. “Is that really you?” - friends reunite in  Mosul   (via.  )
Thanks to   and UK suppo  170,000 people of Tikrit (95%) have been able to return to their homes in  Iraq 
Last year the UK provided  Kurdish  Peshmera forces in  Iraq with a fu her £1.4m wo h of ammunition to help in their fight against  Daesh
“How I Reunited With My Best Friend in a Liberated  Mosul” - via.    
FACT: The UK’s total contribution to stabilisation effo s in  Iraq is over £15m
Over 170,000 people of Tikrit (95%) have returned to their homes in  Iraq and the University has been reopened  DefeatingDaesh ( ) 
FACT: last year the UK provided  Kurdish  Peshmerga forces fighting  Daesh in  Iraq with a fu her £1.4m wo h of ammunition
Pet pigeons take flight in Iraq's Mosul as militants retreat (via.  ):  
As of January 3 2017 the UK has 1257 personnel suppo ing C- Daesh operations, with over 500 in  Iraq suppo ing training of Iraqi Forces 
Thanks to   &amp; UK suppo   Iraq-i forces are getting stronger - we’ve helped train over 31,000 troops in Iraq  DefeatingDaesh 
FACT: number of  Daesh fighters at its lowest level in two years, airstrikes killed around 45,000 fighters by August 2016 (Via.  ) 
UKAid to   is reaching thousands of people in need -  Mosul 100 days on.  Iraq  
.  STAT:  Daesh has lost 62% of its territory in  Iraq and 30% in  Syria since 2014  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
For more stories of life after  Daesh, subscribe to  ’s  YouTube channel:    ISIS  ISIL  DefeatingDaesh 
Read people’s hope for life after  Daesh in  Raqqa  Syria on the   website:  
.  has a dedicated page to updates from the  Mosul frontline, find out more:    Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  Daesh 
Daesh has lost 62% of its territory in  Iraq and 30% in  Syria since 2014 (Via.  )  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
Subscribe to  ’s  YouTube channel for stories of life after  Daesh in  Iraq and  Syria:    DefeatingDaesh
'They need to enjoy their childhoods by playing together' - hopes for a life after  Daesh  Raqqa (via.  )  
Follow    Mosul updates for up to date information on the operation:  
I congratulate the Iraqi people on the full liberation of East Mosul, made possible by the courage and sacrifices of our… 
UPDATE:   welcomes the progress of  Iraq-i forces in E- Mosul as another step towards defeating…  
Mosul 100 days on:  UKAid to   is reaching thousands of people in need in  Iraq  
565,000 people have been reached by first-line emergency assistance in  Iraq:   (Via.  )  Mosul  MosulAid 
Priti Patel: ‘It is imperative that aid workers have access to deliver help to the 750,000 people still trapped under Daesh ru… 
“As the fight to retake  Mosul reaches its 100th day, we will continue to stand by those who are suffering” Priti P…   
30 schools have reopened in E- Mosul with help from   16,000 children to resume education:…   
100 days on from sta  of operation to liberate Mosul,  UKaid is helping get blankets, warm clothing &amp; shelter to 1000's of di… 
First-line emergency assistance has reached 565,000 people in  Iraq:   (Via.  )  Mosul  MosulAid 
16,000 children have resumed education in E- Mosul  Iraq thanks to   helping to reopen 30 schools:…   
STRIKE UPDATE:   has continued 2 help Iraqi forces clear Daesh from the no h of  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh https:/…
“The  UK was one of the first to step up with help for the people on  Mosul. We sent food, shelter, medical care &amp;c…   
100 days on from sta  of ops to liberate Mosul,  UKaid to   is helping get water, hygiene &amp; sanitation to thousands of… 
As the fight to retake Mosul reaches its 100th day, we will continue to stand by those who are suffering.   - statement by Pri… 
. ,  NGOs and authorities have helped 10,000s people affected by  MosulOps (via  )   
Subscribe to our   channel to watch videos of people speaking about their future after  Daesh  
UK-funded surplus medical stocks, inc. IV drip stands, from Ebola response are being sent to help  Iraq-is   
Emotional moment captured as families reunite after years apa  via    
VIDEO: Families reunited after years apa  under  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL  
UK is providing vital contribution to  , inc. training 32,000+ ISF in combat, engineering &amp; medical skills  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS 
Via   one  Mosul neighbourhood gets back on its feet after years of  Daesh control  ISIS  ISIL  
Good news from east  Mosul today as 70 schools reopen and 1000s of children return to studies after two years living unde…
Why are fewer &amp; fewer Foreign Terrorist Fighters joining  Daesh? Latest trends and analysis on   website:  
.    has conducted 1000+ airstrikes in  Syria &amp;  Iraq, putting  Daesh firmly on the back foot   
UK are working with  Iraq-i Gov &amp;  UN to provide aid to the victims of  Daesh-’s rule in  Iraq  ISIS  ISIL  
This week   Reaper &amp;  Iraq-i troops saved civilians from a terrorist car-bomb in no hern  Mosul  
“Clean shaven men chat with their neighbours”: life returns to one  Mosul neighbourhood post- Daesh (via  )  
UKaid has provided life-saving aid to 100,000s of people in  Iraq affected by  Daesh – inc. food, water &amp; shelter   
UK is suppo ing C-IED &amp; stabilisation effo s to ensure all  Iraq-is are able to return home safely post- Daesh  
Emotional moment as  Iraq-i Christians return home for first time in 2 years since liberation from  Daesh  ISIS  
ISF “picks up the pace in  Mosul” - having recaptured 12,000sqkm from  Daesh since 2014  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS 
UKAid is helping provide water &amp; sanitation to  Mosul – ensuring the children of  Mosul have safe water   
A detailed look at the battle for  Mosul  Iraq by  DefeatingDaesh  Iraq  ISIS  ISIL
.  repo  uncovers major theological dispute within  Daesh – providing fu her evidence that  Daesh are divided  
10,000s people reached with life-saving aid since the beginning of  MosulOps (via  )   
UKAid is suppo ing our pa ners to provide water &amp; sanitation to those affected by  MosulOps  
UK-funded surplus medical stocks, inc. IV drip stands, from Ebola response are being sent to help people in  Iraq   
The battle for  Mosul in maps (via  )    DefeatingDaesh  Iraq  ISIS  ISIL
Latest   repo  shows significant progress by  ISF &amp;   forces in  DefeatingDaesh last year  ISIS  ISIL  
UPDATE:  Daesh have now lost 62% of territory they once controlled in  Iraq &amp; 30% in  Syria. See an updated map here  
WATCH: residents of  Mosul neighbourhood enjoy a game of football following liberation from  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Voices from the ground in  Raqqa: “education is what will help their children forget the brainwashing” of  Daesh   
VIDEO: streets of one post-Daesh  Mosul neighbourhood are bustling – shops are open &amp; the shelves are stocked  ISIS  
.  repo  uncovers major theological dispute within  Daesh – providing fu her evidence that  Daesh are divided  
UK has provided £8.25m for management of explosive hazards in  Iraq – helping  Iraq-is return home  ISIS  ISIL  
.  map shows how  Daesh have now lost 62% of territory they once controlled in  Iraq &amp; 30% in  Syria  
Iraq-i forces “pick up the pace” in  Mosul – there will be more fighting ahead but a very positive momentum   
The UK is providing suppo  for millions of people in need inside Syria, including those in  Aleppo. Latest updates:   
VIDEO: Ahmed is just one of many brave children forced to live under  Daesh rule. Now he is safe in   camp  
People of  Raqqa speak of their hopes of good governance, medical services &amp; free speech after  Daesh   
The  UK provides blankets to  children like Noor &amp; Mohammed as they face a bitter winter in  Syria. Img via    
Via   aid is now reaching  Aleppo with 261,000+ people receiving blankets, mattresses &amp; winter clothes   
Olympic swimmer   stands for peace &amp; dignity for all those fleeing violence, as she once had to do   
.   “Last week was the most kinetic week of the entire operation. More than 1,100 weapons dropped on the enemy”  DefeatingDaesh 
Through pa ners including   and  ,  UKaid has provided over 16 million monthly food rations for people in need in Sy… 
Iraq-i children sit down in defiance of  Daesh  orders to fight  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Daesh resistance in  Mosul is slowing allowing for significant  Iraq-i progress  MosulOps  
Iraq-i forces clear  Mosul street-by-street of dangerous  Daesh IEDs, allowing families to return home    
People on the ground see the reality of  Daesh - that they are losing territory rapidly and struggling to govern  
Daesh raise taxes in anticipation of revenue loss thanks to   precision airstrikes  
UK are working with   pa ners to “end Daesh's reign of terror”  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Children of Qayyarah,  Iraq bravely defy  Daesh orders to fight  ISIS  ISIL   
Via    airstrike destroyed 168  Daesh oil tanker trucks in  Syria  
STRIKE UPDATE:   Typhoons take out a Daesh drone base in Mosul  DefeatingDaesh    
UKaid provided access to education for over 248,000 children in  Syria in 2015/16. Get all the latest stats here:   
Since the sta  of  MosulOps,  Iraq-i forces have driven  Daesh from 56 neighbourhoods in the city 
Positive progress for  Iraq-i forces in  Mosul  MosulOps   
Residents of Dayr al-Zawr City,  Syria feel empowered to fight back against  Daesh   
UK is committed to  defeatingDaesh to ensure bright futures for children of  Iraq  ISIS  ISIL  
Almost half the people in camps around  Mosul are children. Volunteers with   use games to help kids deal with their situ…
Daesh resistance “significantly less” than at sta  of  MosulOps - as  ISF take back  Mosul university    ISIS  ISIL
Catch up on our latest military updates in the fight against  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Via    Iraq-i siblings tell their story of life under  Daesh &amp; their joy at having escaped  
11: We will continue to work closely with our European allies in foreign and defence policy even as we leave the EU itself…
Read the stories of people who have fled from  Raqqa - including their hopes for a future without  Daesh  
UK has trained 32,000+  Iraq-i Security Forces - helping to defeat  Daesh in  Iraq &amp; across the world  ISIS  ISIL   
.    are taking out  Daesh &amp; working hard to minimise casualties in a very difficult dense urban environment
.    has helped trained over 32,000  Iraq-i forces  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL (2/3) 
.  :  UK is stepping up in the fight against  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL (1/3)
.   Daesh’s physical “caliphate” is diminishing, their authority waning &amp; their fighters are becoming increasingly disorganised 
.  Nearly 25,000 Daesh fighters were killed in 2016 and the group now holds less than 10% of  Iraq-i territory  DefeatingDaesh 
.  2017 will see us maintaining the momentum in  Mosul, focus on   unity &amp; deal a decisive blow against  Daesh in  Iraq 
.    is helping to neutralise danger on frontlines in  Mosul for  ISF by mapping  Daesh rat runs &amp; IED stockpiles
Daesh are firmly on the back foot thanks to  ISF,  UK &amp;   effo s  ISIS  ISIL   
UK is working with   &amp; other agencies to ensure life-saving aid reaches people of  Aleppo  
Iraq-i troops have recaptured  Mosul university - keep visiting our dedicated page for more news from  MosulOps  
Olympic swimmer &amp;  Syria-n refugee   speaks of her goals post-Rio  
“We were living in death and hell. Now we feel reborn.” Haidar &amp; Zianeb escape  Daesh territory for safety of    
UK is providing £15m+ of suppo  for UN stabilisation effo s in  Iraq inc. clearing  Daesh explosives  
Syria-n refugees sew warm school uniforms for refugee children in Darashakran refugee camp 
, with suppo  of  UKaid,  increases vital water trucking in &amp; around  Mosul  Iraq    
In 2016   bombing effo s significantly degraded  Daesh: read more on why  Daesh will fail this year    
UK is working closely with   pa ners to stop  Daesh trade of stolen antiquities    ISIS  ISIL
UK soldiers proudly lead counter-IED training for  ISF on behalf 
Great initiative from    Syria-n refugees earn a living by sewing school uniforms for children  
UKaid is providing vital suppo  to   to supply water to the people of  Mosul  Iraq  
Daesh “has entered into a slow decline that will continue throughout 2017” via 
In  Iraq-i camp, children enjoy playing , singing &amp; learning– a far cry from life under  Daesh ISIS  ISIL 
.  provide essential food &amp; household items for all those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq  ISIS  ISIL  
Iraq-i neighbourhood enjoys freedom from  Daesh after liberation by  ISF  ISIS  ISIL
UK with   have helped house 10,000 people fleeing from  Mosul    ISIS  ISIL 
Children of  Mosul tell   their hopes for the future following their liberation from  Daesh ISIS  ISIL
Want to know what goes in a   emergency aid parcel for  Iraq-i families? Watch below here  
Iraq-i teens dance in celebration of end of  Daesh rule in their neighbourhood    ISIS  ISIL
UK working closely with   pa ners to help stabilise areas liberated from  Daesh in  Iraq    ISIS  ISIL
A French defector speaks of the humiliation, segregation &amp; injustice  he experienced as a  Daesh fighter    ISIS  ISIL 
VIDEO:  UK has committed £170m to help  Iraq-i people. Watch how we get our aid to the people  
ISF have reached the Tigris River in Battle for  Mosul – this marks a significant moment in  MosulOps    ISIS  ISIL
French defector from  Daesh reveals complete lack of organisation among terrorist group ISIS  ISIL
Iraq-i forces make significant gains in  Mosul against  Daesh  MosulOps    ISIS  ISIL
.  continued to strike Daesh hard over the holiday period, including in Mosul  DefeatingDaesh   
STRIKE UPDATE: RAF Reaper sees confused Daesh fighters fire on each other in  Mosul street fighting  
Daesh have no regard for human life. The Coalition is committed to clearing the explosive devices the group leave behind in…
UN-Habitat Handed Over 124 Units of Renovated Residential Houses to Returnees in Sinuni/Sinjar, Ninewah Governorate  Urb… 
Watch  Iraq-is who have been forced to flee their country by  Daesh talk of their desire to return and rebuild their lives h…
I found out what is was like to be in school.” 
UK effo  to defeat  Daesh was one of   top priorities of 2016  DefeatingDaesh  
Tariq is just one of 1.3m  Iraq-is who have returned home thanks to stabilisation effo s which the  UK helps fund    o
UK &amp;   are committed to ending  Daesh-‘s corrupt trade of black market antiquities  ISIS  ISIL  
Bounty offered for info on those against  Daesh: evidence of  Daesh’s desperate &amp; depleted finances  
Iraqi forces liberate Salam hospital complex and reach Tigris river.  ISIL defenses in east  Mosul showing signs of colla…
Daesh fail to pay their fighters in  Mosul - proving they are losing control of both the city &amp; their ranks   
Iraq: UNICEF is increasing its effo s to get water to families in eastern  Mosul -  
STRIKE UPDATE:   destroys Daesh truck-bomb workshop near Kirkuk  DefeatingDaesh   https:/…
VIDEO (via  ): girls of  Ramadi enjoy their first days back at school since  Daesh defeat   
VIDEO:   reviews  UK-suppo ed   progress in  Mosul so far  MosulOps  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL:  
Follow the progress of  MosulOps with  -‘s map:    DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
UK &amp;  Iraq are working together to help provide food for 386,000 people affected by  Daesh, plus safe refuge &amp; water to 114,000 people 
UK-suppo ed EU funding of €7m will help 100,000s of children affected by  Daesh in  Iraq   
‘Peace lessons’ help  Syria-n child refugees cope with horrific violence they have witnessed   
Stay updated with the latest developments on  MosulOps via 8
Read about 10 ways the   and its pa ners are helping to stabilise liberated areas in  Iraq +  Syria  
Last month &amp; Govt. of  Iraq immunised 800,000 children against polio &amp; measles   
UK helped lead global effo s to defeat  Daesh in 2016. Territory reduced, foreign fighters numbers falling   
Iraq-i people in Hasansham enjoy expanded health services thanks to   &amp; Govt. of  Iraq  
“Without schools there are no dreams for the future.”  UK suppo ing  Iraq-is to rebuild their lives &amp; futures  
Hea  warming story of South Korean refugee who is helping  Syria-n refugees settle in Canada  
Iraq-i mother forced to cross minefield with children to escape  Daesh &amp; feed her family  
Powerful story of 3 women’s resilience during flight from  Syria  
Under pressure in  Raqqa,  Daesh unsuccessfully raids an internet cafe  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL 
Last month UNSC adopted a resolution on human trafficking –  protecting all those who suffer at the hands of  Daesh  
Incredible images via   which depict hopes of children of  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh   ISIS  ISIL  
Over Christmas, the  Iraq-i air force dropped 4m letters of love &amp; suppo  from  Iraq-i people over  Mosul  ISIS 
VIDEO (via  ): Mohammed recounts the lack of education under  Daesh &amp; his hopes for the future  
On  Iraq-i Armed Forces Day,  UK applauds the hard work &amp; achievements of ISF in  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL   
A New Year's pa y, complete with clowns and face painting, helps cheer up displaced  Iraq-i kids of the Hassan Sham camp… 
On  Iraq-i Armed Forces Day 🇮🇶, the Coalition extends its gratitude to all Iraqis fighting to rid their country, and the wor… 
We are offering many congratulations to the Iraqi army on this day which marks its foundation.
Interesting story &amp; photos by   which captures bravery &amp; resilience of  Syria-n people    
Iraq-i children rebuilding their dreams after  Daesh devastation in Hawiga (via  )   
UKaid is providing lifesaving suppo  for millions affected by the crisis in Syria  GlobalBritain  
VIDEO: Nisreen looks forward to going back to school after years without proper education under  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL  
UK-suppo ed EU funding of €7m will help 100,000s of children who have been affected by  Daesh in  Iraq   
Via    Daesh “sta s the new year with a drastically depleted bank account”  ISIS  ISIL  
As the fight to liberate  Mosul continues, hear Col John Dorrian ( ) discuss the risks of the operation and the progr… 
Iraq-i people fight back online against  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
UNSC discussed  Mosul today. UK suppo s Iraqi Government effo s to liberate their people from  Daesh while protecti…
Children of  Anbar,  Iraq are back in the classroom following  Daesh defeat  ISIS  ISIL   
This 'cub of the caliphate' escaped from  ISIS  
Voices from the streets of  Syria say how they feel about  Daesh - about it's lies over religion and truth  
A boy collects water in eastern  Aleppo where   installed water tanks &amp; is trucking in 600K liters each day   
A family tries to keep warm as the first snowfall arrives in Dawodia camp, Iraq. 
HappyNewYear! May 2017 be a year of peace and hope, for all refugees and people forced to flee their homes. We always stand… 
THIS is what  freedom &amp;  safety look like every time  ISF defeats  ISIL in  Iraq.  Iraqi  Soldiers fight for the people. @…
Col Dorrian   talks about current progress in  Mosul  Iraq operations to liberate the city .
More vital winter assistance on its way to displaced Iraqis thanks to latest   funding &amp; its donors  
Suppo ed by   + others, last month UNICEF provided water+sanitation to 156,862 newly-displaced people in Dohuk, Nin… 
“My favorite subject is Math, but I want to be a teacher, an A  teacher   Hamed, 13, in Fallujah  Iraq v/  … 
We're distributing warm winter clothing to 300k children in  Iraq this season, inclu. Ali's family in Tikrit's Al Alam Camp  … 
Health workers vaccinated over 122,000 children against polio in camps and newly-liberated areas in Ninewa last month  endp… 
UK working hard to make their hopes for the  newyear come true - ensuring those affected by  Daesh are able to ret…  
STRIKE UPDATE: It has been a busy period for aircraft as they continue to hit Daesh  
A Belgian woman moved to  Syria to join  Daesh - only to realise the extent of her recruiter’s lies  ISIS  ISIL  
This is what it means to the families reunited after years apa  under  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Daesh evicts families from their houses.  UK provides £15m+ to   stabilisation effo s to help families return h…  
On Dec 22nd, 4 million letters of love, from Iraqis to the people of  Mosul, were dropped over the city. Read more:   
VIDEO: families reunited after years apa  under  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL  
FACT:  Daesh has now lost 61% of territory in Iraq &amp; 28% in Syria. For more details on its losses:   ( )
Life under  Daesh: women accused of adultery are killed by stoning &amp; civilians forced to watch:    ISIS  ISIL
Interview with a secret blogger inside  Mosul who documented life under  Daesh for 2 years   (via  )
If a person is deemed to have broken a ‘law’ -  Daesh will punish the whole family with brutal lashings &amp; heavy fines  ISIS  ISIL
“Islamic State Turned Mosul Into City of Terror and Darkness”  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL   (via  )
Daesh’s finances are being crushed and its leadership is failing thanks to  UK &amp;   effo s  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
“We are forever marked by the sins of our son  : hea break of  Iraq-i parents Daesh  ISIS  ISIL 
UK is a proud suppo er of  MosulOps and stands united with families of  Mosul against  Daesh’s reign of terror:  
Over the year  Daesh propaganda online has decreased dramatically – evidence that Daesh are failing  ISIS  ISIL  
UK provides £15m+ in suppo  for   stabilisation effo s securing liberated areas &amp; clearing  Daesh explosives in  Iraq  ISIL  ISIS
“We feel safe and comfo able here”: families welcomed into camps leaving the terrors of  Daesh behind them  ISIS  
Honest stories from brave  Iraq-is who survived under  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL   (Via  )
A child suicide bomber speaks of  Daesh indoctrination &amp; deadly education    ISIS  ISIL
Info from the ground:  Daesh demand ownership documents from farmers or face fines ISIS  ISIL
The flow of foreign fighters has fallen by up to 90% and  Daesh dese ions are increasing  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL (source:  )
.  on why  Daesh losing  Dabiq is impo ant:   (via  )  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
They are not human, they are against all humanity  : the truth about  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL   
.    has conducted 1000+ airstrikes in  Syria &amp;  Iraq in fight against  Daesh  
“They would take us to the graveyard...to dig graves and bury bodies” – the horror of life under  Daesh    ISIS  ISIL
1m+ displaced people have returned safely to their homes in  Iraq thanks to stabilisation effo s the  UK helps fund (source:  )
Via   video footage from the frontline of  MosulOps  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Everything in my city is beautiful”:  Mosul resident reminisces about life before  Daesh   
Via   satellite photos show  Daesh “getting squeezed” in  Mosul  MosulOps    ISIS  ISIL
Get ongoing updates from across the world on the fight against  Daesh via   website:    ISIS  ISIL
UK continues to work with the  Iraq-i Govt &amp;   to provide aid to victims of  Daesh:    ISIS  ISIL
.  continue to put  Daesh on the back foot - conducting 100+ targeted airstrikes in  Iraq &amp;  Syria  
Syria humanitarian crisis -  UKaid update: In 2015/16, UK aid provided clean water for over 3.2 million people affected by th… 
UKaid is providing food, medicine and care for Iraqis escaping Daesh tyranny  GlobalBritain   
smileoftheweek Noora,10 &amp; sister,18 mth old Iman try to keep warm at govt-run  Khazer camp for ppl  displaced by  Mosul  co… 
DefSec Sir Michael Fallon thanks the 4,500 British people serving our country across the globe this Christmas time:   
Over 4,500 sailors, marines, soldiers, airmen and airwomen will be away from home this Christmas, keeping Britain safe https… 
Daesh continue to fail - as more of their leadership is removed by Coalition operations  
Voices from the streets of  Syria talk of their resistance to  Daesh, and how they want the group defeated   
Since April 2000+ explosive remnants &amp; intact IEDs have been cleared in Ramadi, Kharma &amp; Fallujah,  Iraq (source:  ) 
Former fighters expose  Daesh’s lies:    whytheyleftdaesh  DefeatingDaesh
There are now 1,350+  UK personnel suppo ing the  Iraq-i Govt. in counter- Daesh operations  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL 
UPDATE:  Daesh have lost 61% of territory in  Iraq &amp; 28% in  Syria    Defeating Daesh  ISIS  ISIL
UK leads on  UN effo s to counter  Daesh’s finances – making it illegal to sell oil &amp; oil products to them  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
Collaboration with social media firms is key to stopping the spread of violent extremist images &amp; videos online:  
UK committed to bringing those responsible for committing horrendous crimes to justice  DaeshJustice    ISIS  ISIL
Read more about  Daesh losing 61% of territory in  Iraq thanks to   and  UK effo s:    ISIS  ISIL
UK works closely with  Iraq-i Govt. &amp;   to provide aid to  Daesh victims in  Iraq  ISIS  ISIL   
Thank you to all the military &amp; aid workers serving abroad this  ChristmasDay -  keepingBritainsafe &amp; ensuring the safety of others
A businessman in  Baghdad has erected a  Christmas tree in solidarity with  Iraq-’s Christians  
There are 400+ dedicated  UK soldiers in  Iraq training the  ISF to fight  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL
Read about how Iraqis are taking to the internet to resist  Daesh - through memes and posters  
A Christmas message from Major General Jones of Combined Joint Task Force - Operation Inherent Resolve,  speaking from Iraq… 
Barbaric  Daesh rules: barbers face imprisonment for shaving    ISIS  ISIL
UK provides £15m+ suppo  for   stabilisation effo s in  Iraq, inc. securing liberated areas &amp; clearing  Daesh explosives  ISIS  ISIL 
.  defence ministers say it’s the “beginning of the end” for  Daesh after London meetings  
His life was torn apa  by  Daesh but now he wants to help rebuild  Iraq for everyone. This is Sido’s story:  
Via   “A Belgian woman explains why she joined ISIS, and why she came back”  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS   
Follow the latest updates on  UK-’s effo s against  Daesh here:    DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
UN inquiry finds  Syria aid convoy attack was from the air; clear either  Assad regime or Russia responsible. Indefensibl…
.  now offering $25m for information leading to location, arrest or conviction of al-Baghdadi   
UK is providing vital contribution to  , inc. training 30,000+ ISF in combat, engineering &amp; medical skills  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS 
Iraq: Demining and repair initiative restores key irrigation canals, farmland near  Mosul -   
STRIKE UPDATE:   has continued to hit Daesh hard, despite difficult weather conditions  DefeatingDaesh   
New deployments of  ISF last week to suppo  fight against  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Via   brothers from  Mosul suffer horrific brutality under  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL   
Govt. of  Iraq, with the suppo  of   &amp;  , have launched a campaign to immunise 800k children against polio &amp; measles 
Our thoughts are with the people of  Berlin - although  Daesh has claimed the attack, a direct link to the terrorists is not… 
VIDEO: on the frontline of the battle for  Mosul via    DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Deadly battle tactics:  Daesh are conducting the biggest suicide attack operation since Japan in WW2  ISIS  ISIL  
Daesh kill women accused of adultery by stoning &amp; force civilians to watch: grim reality of life under  Daesh  ISIS  
Over 4500 Service personnel will be deployed overseas this Christmas. But where are they, and what will they be doing there?… 
My thoughts &amp; condolences are w/ the people of  Germany following tonight's terrible tragedy in  Berlin, leaving so many… 
Col Dorrian ( ) has just been filming his answers to your questions - we'll be sharing his responses on our channel t…
.  airstrikes have destroyed 14 tanks recaptured by  Daesh at military base near Palmyra  ISIS  
The losses continue to mount for  Daesh. Sawab's latest video shows places liberated by the   :  
Child suicide bomber speaks of  Daesh indoctrination &amp; deadly education  ISIS  ISIL  
Got a question about the fight against  Daesh? Ask it today using  AskOIRSpox and Col Dorrian ( ) will record his res…
Shocked to hear of despicable murder of  Russia's Ambassador to  Turkey. My thoughts are with his family. I condemn this…
Just told   that we stand with all our colleagues from Russia in mourning loss of Russian Ambassador in Ankar…
Bitterly overdue.  UNSC has acted to ensure safety of  Aleppo evacuees. New monitors will tell us if Russia &amp;  Syria r…
Col Dorrian briefing this morning on fight against  Daesh. Use  AskOIRSpox to ask your own questions; he'll be recording res…
The  UNSC just unanimously adopted  Aleppo humanitarian resolution. Will help protect those evacuating city.  
UK are working with  Iraq-i Gov &amp;  UN to provide aid to the victims of  Daesh-’s rule in  Iraq  ISIS  ISIL  
Last month,  Daesh lost even more territory in  Iraq &amp;  Syria  DefeatingDaesh  ISIL  ISIS   
Horrific treatment of Yazidi women by  Daesh.  UK committed to bringing those responsible to justice  DaeshJustice  
'Sense of urgency to liberate remaining  Daesh held areas to get children away from the groups poisonous ideology' -  
'3 million civilians have now been liberated from  Daesh across Iraq and Syria - but there is still work to be done' -  …
'We have now killed 180  Daesh leadership figures, degrading their military ability and their ability to plan external attac… 
'We see horrific stories of  Daesh indoctrinating children - using apps that reward learning with points to explode targets'…
'In 2016, tremendous momentum has been achieved against Daesh by the Coalition and it's pa ners in  Iraq and  Syria' -  … 
The brave barbers who face whipping &amp; imprisonment by  Daesh for shaving in secret  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Spokesperson for Operation Inherent Resolve, Col Dorrian, is briefing press today on effo s to defeat  Daesh. Stay tuned fo… 
Life under  Daesh: “For a small infraction, they would take us to the graveyard ... to dig graves and bury bodies”   
.    has conducted 1000+ airstrikes in  Syria &amp;  Iraq, putting  Daesh firmly on the back foot   
Moving photos of families reuniting near  Mosul feature on the list of   Photos of the Year, via 
In  Iraq the UK is funding effo s to stabilise liberated areas &amp; create a safe environment for  IDPs to make informed &amp; volu…
In just 8 weeks almost 50,000 children have fled  Mosul, leaving homes + belongings behind.   ChildrenUprooted   
We must do all we can to ensure that Da'esh is held to account.
UK is providing over £15m in suppo  for   stabilisation effo s; securing liberated areas in  Iraq &amp; clearing  Daesh explosives  ISIS
UK suppo s  Iraq-i Gov. in  Mosul preparations - now with up to 1,350 UK personnel suppo ing counter- Daesh operations 
Via   “Islamic State Turned Mosul Into City of Terror and Darkness”  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Via   since April, 2000+ explosive remnants &amp; intact IEDs have been cleared in Ramadi, Kharma &amp; Fallujah,  Iraq 
Info from the ground:  Daesh demand ownership documents from farmers or face fines ISIS  ISIL
This is the first help we've got.   Largest aid distribution reaches east Mosul.  Mosul  MosulAid https:/… 
UK is funding effo s to secure liberated areas, clear Daesh explosives &amp; renovate water infrastructure, power networks, clin… 
Via   satellite photos show  Daesh “getting squeezed” in  Mosul  MosulOps  
UK welcomes collaboration by social media firms to stop spread of violent, extremist images &amp; videos online   
Got a question about the fight against  Daesh? Tweet with  AskOIRSpox and next Tuesday (20th Dec) Col Dorrian will answer se…
VIDEO:   Typhoons strike a Daesh bunker in western Iraq.  DefeatingDaesh
UK personnel are training Iraqi and Kurdish forces in  DefeatingDaesh  GlobalBritain  
UKaid has provided over 21 million monthly food rations for people affected by the conflict in  Syria since 2012 https:…
UKaid has provided clean water for over 3.2 million people affected by the conflict in Syria in 2015/16  
.  is providing lifesaving suppo  for millions affected by the crisis in Syria.  UKaid  
It is imperative that action is taken now. Adviser on Genocide Prevention speaks on need to preserve evidence of  D… 
UK sends lifesaving aid to the people of  Aleppo  Syria  
Daesh has lost 61% of territory in  Iraq thanks to  UK &amp;   effo s  
Iraq-i couples say 'I do' again after liberation from  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL  
The sooner the evidence of Da'esh crimes is secured the sooner we can hold those to account.    DefeatingD…
Foreign Secretary   summons Russian &amp; Iranian ambassadors on  Russia and  Iran’s actions in  Syria  
I have just summoned the ambassadors of  Russia &amp;  Iran to convey profound disquiet over  Aleppo. Crucial to protect civi…
Whether in  Syria, in Iraq, or indeed anywhere else, terrorists like  Daesh will use such weapons given the oppo unity.… 
Def Sec Fallon: We've been trying to get food &amp;meds into Aleppo since summer &amp; seen zero cooperation from Russia. In fact…
We've never been as united as we are today    UK Def Sec on the state of   against  Daesh 
There is no victory in bombing hospitals and disrupting humanitarian aid   Def Sec Michael Fallon on the future of  Assad in  Syria (2/2) 
We don't see a future for President  Assad in  Syria.   - Def Sec Michael Fallon on the future of Assad in  Syria (1/2) 
When the   win the battle, we win the peace    US Secretary of Defence Ash Ca er  DefeatingDaesh  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL 
...then we must work together to track down terrorists &amp; reduce this threat    UK Def Sec on  DefeatingDaesh (2/2) 
This is why   needs to do more intelligence sharing, finding info is the first step...    UK Def Sec on  DefeatingDaesh (1/2) 
We need no reminding in Europe of the threats these terrorists prove   - Def Sec Michael Fallon on  Daesh threat 
Today  UK Defence Secretary Michael Fallon met with  US Secretary of Defence Ash Ca er today - to talk  Iraq,…   
STRIKE UPDATE: As defence ministers meet to discuss  DefeatingDaesh,  jets continue to hit Daesh:   
Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon today welcomed Coalition defence ministers to London to discuss  DefeatingDaesh https:/…
Long overdue. Traumatic. But happening.  Syria  
Via   incredible story of the secret rescue of Yazidi sex slaves from  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL  
As Counter-Daesh Coalition ministers meet in London, here’s where our personnel are  DefeatingDaesh.  GlobalBritain   
As Coalition defence ministers meet to discuss  DefeatingDaesh, the   continues to hit Daesh hard.   
Today's defence news incls coverage of last night's   Military Awards, today's Counter-Daesh meeting, and IHAT https:/… 
Defence Secretary has today hosted a meeting of defence ministers from the Coalition against Daesh:  
Via   “Remembrance of tastes past: Syria’s disappearing food culture”.  
Powerful read from   about female dress code under  Daesh: “not even a woman’s eyes were legal”  ISIS  ISIL  
See an updated map of campaign progress in  MosulOps up to Dec 12th via  . Click here for full size:  
Russia &amp;  Iran must give   access to  Aleppo to get aid in &amp; provide monitoring to protect civilians.  SaveAleppo h…
UK are working with Govt. of  Iraq to suppo  stabilisation effo s post- Daesh DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
The  UK is the largest contributor to the  Iraq Humanitarian Pooled Fund - find out more about  UKAid effo s in…  
Assad's forces, propped up by Russia &amp; Iran have again redefined horror. 
UK PM: 'the UK has been pressing for action in the  UNSC, working with the French'.  Aleppo  Syria  StandWithAleppo 
Latest UNHCR  flash update  Mosul emergency response 12 December  MosulAid  Mosul  Iraq  
Since sta  of  MosulOps,  humanitarian  UN &amp;  NGOs have reached more than 300,000 ppl with life-saving  MosulAid. 
Last week  ,   &amp;   provided food, dignity kits, water purification tablets &amp; more for 42,000 people in  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh 
Foreign Sec   addressed Parliament  AleppoDebate today on the overwhelming tragedy that is unfolding in Alep…
UKaid has provided food rations for 21.7m+  Syria-ns since Feb. 2012.  Assad/ Russia need to  LetAidIn  
.  and Lamiya Aji Bashar, inspirational Yazidis who were enslaved by Daesh, accept human rights prize https:/… 
Brave residents of  Mosul suppo   Iraq-i operations against  Daesh through network of informants    ISIS  ISIL
VIDEO: footage from car in E. Mosul shows empty streets – not the lively bustling city Daesh claims ISIS  ISIL
Lamiya Aji Bashar: 'A prize for every woman and girl who has been sexually enslaved by Daesh'  SakharovPrize  
.  is pa nering with government and private sector entities around the world to counter Daesh propaganda
“Assad’s conquest of Aleppo will not mark the end of the war in Syria.   
For every barrel bomb dropped
Fall of  Aleppo will not be a victory for Assad. He will have sacrificed his country &amp; the lives of 100,000s of civilians… 
They have gone door to door executing people.
Aleppo repo s evoke darkest days of  's history. When it happened before we said   never again.   It is happening again… 
LIVE in 2 minutes:   addresses emergency  UNSC amidst barbaric repo s from  Aleppo. Watch:  
“Assad’s conquest of  Aleppo will not mark the end of the war In  Syria.”
Secretary General Ban Ki-moon briefs  UNSC on accounts that range from burning bodies in streets to forced disappearances…
LIVE on  Periscope:  Aleppo:   addresses world media ahead of emergency  UNSC session  
Moments away:
“The last functioning hospital was targeted by an air strike and knocked out of action on November 19.” Foreign Sec  …
“Assad’s conquest of  Aleppo will not mark the end of the war [In Syria].”
Already 
I hope Russia will see sense &amp; join us to secure the transition away from Assad that is the only route to a peaceful Sy… 
“The last food rations were handed out on November 10.” Foreign Secretary  
LIVE: Foreign Secretary   addresses emergency Commons debate on Syria and Aleppo. Watch here:  
As I made clear to   media, repo s of executions &amp; disappearances in  Aleppo horrifying. UK &amp; France called for urg… 
Via    UK appalled by horrific treatment of women under  Daesh &amp; committed to  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
The fall of  Aleppo is not a victory for  Assad. He has mo gaged his country to foreign powers to keep his grip on power.
In 2016/17,  UK has allocated £164m+ to organisations delivering aid in  Syria, inc. £119m through   &amp;   
Repo s of  Assad forces murdering civilians in their homes horrific; more must be done to protect  HumanRights: https…
The UK remains committed to a political transition for  Syria. There can be no peace while  Assad is in power.  StandWith…
Hea  is bleeding for those remaining in E  Aleppo, turned into hell on ea h. There must finally be accountability.  Sta… 
Daesh kill 7 who try to protect their home.  UK committed to  DefeatingDaesh so  Iraq-is can live without fear  
NoLimitsToDaeshBrutality
“It is not Russia that is defeating Isil. It is a coalition of dozens of countries” UK proud to be   member  
‘After ISIS: the families returning home in  Iraq’  DefeatingDaesh  
Breakthrough in  Iraq:   delivers life-saving food to 42
“In 2014, ISIL took everything we had,destroyed our house &amp; forced us to leave Ba ilah to Gogjali, Mosul. My husband sho ly… 
A man stands in the doorway of the Church of the Immaculate Conception in  Ba ella, recently liberated near  Mosul Photo vi… 
UKaid is providing lifesaving suppo  for millions affected by the crisis in Syria  GlobalBritain  
In Nimrud,  Daesh 'tried to destroy the identity of  Iraq' via 
Incredibly powerful read about mothers of jihadists via    Daesh  ISIS  ISIL    
Iraq-is who escaped  Daesh tell their stories to    ISIS  ISIL  
150 soldiers from The Duke of Lancaster’s Regiment are heading to  Iraq to train  ISF (via.  ):  
VIDEO: the people of  Dabiq speak out about their previous oppressors  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Daesh claim that life in  Mosul is normal. Secret footage via   reveals otherwise  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
UKaid provides displaced  Iraq-i families with 12l of bottled water daily &amp; monthly hygiene kits  MosulOps   
Smiles from children of  Mosul as they enjoy learning among friends in IDP camps   
UK has provided £7.75m to   to help with removal of  Daesh mines in  Iraq
UK is biggest single donor to the IHPF
Daesh steal organs from civilians &amp; fighters for profit. DaeshLiesExposed  
Daesh brainwashes children &amp; teens to commit atrocities in their name  ISIS  ISIL  
BBC News -  Syria-n war: Red Cross doctor's hea -breaking letter from  Aleppo  
They say life in  Mosul is idyllic. This secret film shows the opposite:    DaeshLiesExposed  
Updates from the ground in  Syria about brutality of life under  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Yesterday 568 children received winter clothing in Kavrij, a village near the front line in Ninewa.  MosulAid  Iraq https:/… 
Children everywhere deserve the right to an education. Among these children are refugees from  Syria who lost their homes…
In the last month we have conducted nearly 300 airstrikes enabling the liberation of more than 270 square miles from  ISIL.  … 
They try to show a normal life in  Mosul. This secret footage shows the reality is far different  DaeshLiesExposed  
As this effo  goes on with each passing day,  Daesh has fewer fighters and fewer resources at their disposal.   COL Dorrian 
Tonight at  UK Consulate in  Istanbul, students and teachers from  Syria will tell their stories about attacks on educati… 
IOM distributed non-food items as newly arrived displaced families walked into the E site to help them keep warm in  winter c…
Mahmoud   from  Mosul:  Daesh goal is to plant the seeds of violence, hate, and sectarianism into children's minds 
Daesh shut down businesses &amp; punish people for trying to earn a living:    DaeshLiesExposed  
3-year-old Rafi from  Syria is all smiles after receiving warm clothing from   at Kawergosk Camp in  Iraq  
This week   + pa ner   distributed warm winter clothing to more than 6
.  are in  Montreal today speaking about their brave work in  Syria  
Read more about the impact of  Daesh on family life and the lies the tell here:    
Brave  Iraq-i couple hold a traditional wedding &amp; pa y in  Mosul despite severe risk of  Daesh reprisal  ISIS  ISIL  
Two-year-old Yusuf keeping warm in his favourite furry teddy-bear onesie and alphabet mittens  Hasansham camp  Mosul  MosulA…
Since sta  of  MosulOps,  humanitarian  UN &amp;  NGOs have reached more than 200,000 ppl with life-saving  MosulAid:   
“Men were told to grow beards, stop smoking and wear sho er trousers”   
UKaid has helped over 380,000 children affected by the conflict in  Syria to access primary or secondary education  GlobalBri… 
PHOTOS:   UK saw how  UKaid is helping families driven from their homes by Daesh brutality in Iraq  
Daesh is the enemy. They are not Islamic” - resident of  Dabiq post liberation:    
Aleppo is a humanitarian disaster &amp; we cannot stand idly by. UK joins other world leaders in condemning atrocities: h…
ISF in control of nearly 50% of Eastern  Mosul. Fierce clashes between  ISF &amp;  Daesh ensue  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  
Via   incredible story of the secret rescue of Yazidi sex slaves from  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Vital aid gets to Nimrud. UNICEF, deliver food, hygiene &amp; household supplies to last 36,000 for 1 month.  M… 
Nobel Peace Prize nominated   to visit 5 Canadian cities to discuss their life-saving work in  Syria - https:/…
They say that you will have access to internet, this could not be fu her from the truth: 
Find out more on the expected trends &amp; dynamics of Foreign Terrorist Fighter travel to Daesh controlled areas  
New punishments have been announced for the civilians of  Raqqa trying to flee  DaeshLiesExposed…  
Reality in  Aleppo is that 250,000 people are trapped by  Assad. Bombs raining from the sky; they are killed if they try to relocate. 
Great audio from   about education under  Daesh &amp; amazing work of aid agencies in  Iraq DefeatingDaesh
NEWS: New  UKaid for people of Mosul as  Iraq winter sets in:  
Minister Stewa  announced new suppo  for 430,000 displaced Iraqis through   on a visit to Debaga camp   
Life-saving UK suppo  for families of  Mosul announced by   UK to include clean water and sanitation kits  
Residents of  Raqqa could now face 25 lashes and a $50 fine for wearing perfume under  Daesh…  
Via   ‘what  Daesh leaves behind in  Mosul will reveal a lot’  
Daesh closed schools and prevented children from getting an education:    DaeshLiesExposed  
Last week   has distributed 3500 kits in Gogachly &amp; 4745 kits in Nemrud, Iraq  to suppo  those affected by  MosulOps  DefeatingDaesh 
Via   this is the reality of life inside  Aleppo StandwithAleppo
Daesh destroying ancient ruins of  Mosul in an attempt to make its mark on history    ISIS  ISIL
Via   “Syria’s  Aleppo loses clown who warmed war-torn hea s”  
Interesting research from   about the indicators of violent extremism  
.  has established 30 community policing fora – inc. women - to ensure security of  Iraq after  Daesh    [140]
Not only are  Daesh poisonous to the lives of the  Iraq-i people, they have poisoned the air too:    DefeatingDaesh 
1000s of women across the globe are working towards a world without  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  16Days   
Via   ‘Eastern Aleppo is becoming “one giant graveyard”’. UK  StandwithAleppo against  Assad/ Russia bombs  
has set up 192 tents in Amalla camp, Duhok - ready to shelter 1,100 displaced  Iraq-is fleeing from  Mosul   
have 25 mobile reproductive health teams to suppo  women &amp; girls of  Mosul  16days  
Why are the numbers of foreign fighters going to  Iraq +  Syria falling? Find out in this   analysis piece:  
Russia and  Assad regime - stop indiscriminate attacks on no hern  Syria. Barrel bombing east  Aleppo is vile.  https:/…
Maj. Gen Jones: ‘we're very proud that so many have offered contributions to fight against  Daesh twisted ideology’  
UKaid is providing food, medicine and care for Iraqis escaping Daesh tyranny   
.  has reached 118,000+ people, incl. 61,000+ children, affected by  MosulOps    DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL 
Hospitals destroyed, children starving, thousands in fear... 
Russia: Does this look like liberation?  StandWithAleppo  Aleppo  Syria  
A city filled with 250,000 civilians is being relentlessly bombed by  Assad regime like never before.  StandWithAleppo  Russia  Syria 
Circle of hell. Kill zone. Giant graveyard.   Words cannot describe E  Aleppo. -  ,   to  … 
They are failing and losing territory - dark green lost in Oct, pale green since Aug 2014  errorists. Read more:    
4,000+ dignity kits, which contain soap, menstrual pads &amp; clothes, have been given to women of  Mosul through 
Why  Baghdadi-’s speeches recognises  Daesh is on brink of defeat ISIS  ISIL
Mustafa, 9, with a backpack full of his belongings in a displacement camp after fleeing  Mosul with his family.  Iraq   
Residents fleeing Fallujah tell of ‘horrific’ rule under  Daesh  DaeshLiesExposed  
.   UK appalled by the entirely preventable humanitarian catastrophe in  Aleppo  Syria.  
Via   half a million children are trapped in  Syria.  Assad/ Russia must stop the bombardment  
They say that people are free to leave areas they control - but this is yet another lie  errorists  daeshliesexposed https:/…
New  Daesh policies reveal their barbaric nature &amp; struggle to provide services    ISIS  ISIL
Residents of  Mosul-‘s Gogjali district enjoy life without  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL   
With no food going in and people unable to escape,  Assad regime is trying to turn E  Aleppo into a coffin. 
They said  Dabiq was the site of an apocalyptic final battle...it wasn't  
They are failing across both  Iraq and  Syria, losing territory they once claimed as their own  errorists   
See how they are losing territory, unable to hold onto areas they once controlled via 
They failed to provide an education system in areas they controlled - as these children in  Jarablus confirm   
STRIKE UPDATE:   Tornados destroy a Daesh truck-bomb factory in eastern Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  
UK personnel are  DefeatingDaesh by training Iraqi forces. Here, a British engineer develops the Al Asad training base  Glob… 
MOD statement on today's   repo  on the Dayr az Zawr strike in Syria  
Underground playground allows  Syria-n children to enjoy a normal childhood for few hrs without  Assad/Russia bombs  
For International  endviolenceagainstwomen day, read 5 ways women are fighting back against  Daesh:   
1000s of women across the globe are working towards a world without  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  16Days   
UK commander recognises that fight for  Mosul will take time but good progress made so far by  ISF  DefeatingDaesh  
UK personnel are  DefeatingDaesh by training Iraqi forces. Here, 4 Rifles patrol a training facility at Al Asad airbase  Glo… 
VIDEO: children of  Jarablus speak about repressive education under  Daesh &amp; their renewed hope for the future    ISIS
Foreign Secretary   calls for immediate ceasefire in  Aleppo  Syria  
UK personnel are  DefeatingDaesh by training Iraqi forces at Al Asad airbase in vital medical suppo   GlobalBritain https:/…
UKaid has helped over 380,000 children affected by the conflict in  Syria to access primary or secondary education   
.  have suppo ed 1.2m displaced  Iraqi-s through its cash assistance programme &amp; monthly family rations    ISIS
Read our analyst on why Baghdadi's most recent speech shows  Daesh are struggling    Mosul  MosulOps
Situation in  Aleppo could not be more dire: every hospital out of service; official food stocks run out; nowhere for civ…
Follow the story of  MosulOps through satellite images &amp; maps  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
UK has committed £169.5m in humanitarian suppo  to those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq    ISIS  ISIS
STRIKE VIDEO:   takes out a Daesh bunker in western Iraq  DefeatingDaesh    
STRIKE UPDATE:   continues to suppo  advances on  Mosul and  Raqqa  DefeatingDaesh   htt…
Via   124,000+ people displaced from  Mosul are receiving water, hygiene and sanitation services 
100+  humanitarian   agencies &amp;  NGOs have provided  MosulAid to people in need since  MosulOps began  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS
VIDEO: hear from a   journalist who grew up in  Mosul about life before  Daesh    ISIS  ISIL
is establishing 2 fully equipped trauma stabilization points in eastern  Mosul to help victims of  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL
FACT:  Daesh are continuing to lose territory. See an updated map of their losses here    DefeatingDaesh
Since the sta  of  MosulOps   have provided ready-to-eat food to 196,000+ people affected by conflict  MosulAid 
This week   delivered 10 new ambulances &amp; 4 new mobile medical clinics to suppo   MosulOps  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
VIDEO: find out more about  -’s progress in our 5 lines of effo DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
Watch locals discuss the liberation of  Dabiq &amp; how  Daesh lied to their followers about its significance  
Great video from  , who are providing food to those displaced by  MosulOps  MosulAid    
READ: 5 ways women are fighting back against  Daesh  IDEVAW    ISIS  ISIL
Via   Since sta  of  MosulOps, 6,700+ displaced women &amp; girls have received reproductive health consultations  IDEVAW 
Walking home from school in eastern  Aleppo,  Syria. Despite the violence, children are determined to go to school. Thanks  … 
Mosul: Our teams are on the ground doing whatever it takes to get life-saving supplies to families affected.  Iraq  
Utterly condemn brutal attack by  Daesh in  Iraq today. We stand by Iraq in the fight against terrorism  
.    suppo ing  Iraq-i Gov. with precision airstrikes on  Daesh    ISIS  ISIL
UKaid proud to pa ner w   to deliver suppo  to   for non-food item kits, emergency shelter kits &amp; medical resp… 
Many thanks for all your questions today on the UK's effo s to defeat  Daesh.  DefeatDaeshQnA  
To combat  Daesh ideology impo ant that Baghdad provides full representation to all  Iraq-i people.  DefeatDaeshQnA ht…
Working with all religious leaders crucial to combatting extremism.  Daesh recruitment dropping.  DefeatDaeshQnA https:…
Impo ant that all int/l pa ners, pa icularly P5 members, play constructive role in stabilising the region after  Dae… 
UK has long-term commitment to  Iraq and region as I expressed in my visit to Baghdad last week.  DefeatDaeshQnA https:…
Many thanks for all your questions. Last 5 minutes for questions. Tweet  DefeatDaeshQnA
UK funds   to provide crucial role in humanitarian &amp; stabilisation effo s in  Iraq and suppo  wider reconciliatio…
68 members of global  . More info on the Coalition here:    DefeatDaeshQnA  
The UK is providing over £15m of suppo  for UN stabilisation effo s in  Iraq helping to secure liberated areas…  
.  providing suppo  to  Iraq-i forces includes medical, aid and expe ise.  UKAid providing care for IDPs in… 
UK recently committed to an extra £40m humanitarian funding to  Iraq - our total commitment is £170m since June 20…  
UK is committed as pa  of the   to defeating  Daesh's ideology online.  DefeatDaeshQnA (1/2)  
We are 1 of 3 co-chairs of the international communications effo  to defeat  Daesh.   DefeatDaeshQnA (2/2)  
Bahrain impo ant pa ner of global   and contributing to the counter  Daesh online comms cell.  DefeatDaeshQ…
To defeat  Daesh, we need to drive them out of  Raqqa &amp;  Mosul.  UK are working to this objective  DefeatDaeshQnA 
We have committed £2.3bn in  Syria and region. Was in Baghdad last week confirming   the day after   planning is on track… 
As a P5 nation we have a moral obligation to defeat  Daesh. As events in Brussels &amp; Paris show challenge is not isolate…
SDF an impo ant pa ner in tackling  Daesh on the ground in  Syria. Suppo ed with air ops in Manbij for example.  Def…
.   Daesh have been driven out of about 25% of territory it once held in  Syria  DefeatDaeshQnA
Turkey is a key pa ner on ground &amp;  Syria-n border. All pa ies have shared objective to  DefeatDaesh.  DefeatDaeshQn…
Here’s how  UKAid is helping  Syria-n refugees at   in  Jordan:
UK leads   effo s to counter  Daesh propaganda by removing it from web and hosting int'l communications cell.…
After Daesh population needs inclusive &amp; legitimate local auth to protect &amp; represent. Impo ant to get stabilisation r…
.   Iraq-i Govt with Coalition suppo  have driven  Daesh from over half the territory it once occupied in  Iraq  DefeatDaeshQnA
We have over 500 personnel suppo ing training Iraqi troops in their effo s to defeat Daesh. Impo ant this is led by…
Daesh dese ions have increased and the flow of foreign fighters has fallen by up to 90%  DefeatingDaesh  DefeatDaeshQnA
UK action is helping to defeat  Daesh  DefeatDaeshQnA  
850 people of national security interest have travelled since 2014. Numbers significantly reduced since then.  DefeatDa…
Daesh is losing territory in  Iraq &amp;  Syria, its finances have been hit and its leadership is being killed  DefeatDaeshQnA 
Will not defeat Daesh by military effo s alone. Must ensure people are not indoctrinated by  Daesh attempts to hijack…
UK funding also set up 3 community centres in  Iraq to provide psychological &amp; legal suppo  to vulnerable women  Defe…
UK funding in  Iraq including through   organisations is helping expand primary, maternal &amp; child healthcare  Defeat… 
UK has committed £169.5m of humanitarian suppo  to  Iraq since 2014:    DefeatDaeshQnA  
.  has damaged or destroyed over 164  Daesh tanks.  Daesh resources such as oil at all time low.  DefeatDaeshQ…
UK has provided £2.3b+ to suppo   Syria-n people and remains firm on need for political transition away from  Assad  …
UK suppo s  Iraq-i Government in stabilising  Iraq &amp; has provided over £15m to UN stabilisation effo s  DefeatDaeshQ…
We are live with   for the  DefeatDaeshQnA - send us your  Daesh related questions  ThursdayThoughts
UK has a comprehensive strategy against  Daesh as pa  of the 68 member  , in which we play a leading role  DefeatDaeshQnA 
Ready for my live Q&amp;A at 1pm UK time. Looking forward to receiving questions about the UK’s effo s to defeat  Daesh  D…
.  is ready to answer your questions on the UK's role in defeating Daesh. Tweet your questions using  Defe…
Our Q&amp;A with   is sta ing now. Ask your questions using  DefeatDaeshQnA  
We will soon be holding our Q&amp;A with  . Join us in 30mins &amp; use  DefeatDaeshQnA to join the conversat…  
Via   since sta  of  MosulOps, 1,400 sessions have been held to reach survivors of gender based violence 
Use the hashtag  DefeatDaeshQnA at 1pm GMT today to ask about Coalition pa ner the UK's strategy to defeat  Daesh  
Got a question on the UK Gov'ts work to defeat Daesh? Ask Minister for Middle East   &amp; he will answer tomo…
Join me for a Q&amp;A on the UK’s role  DefeatingDaesh - Thursday 1pm. Tweet questions in advance using  DefeatDaeshQnA  …
UK is committed to helping all those affected by  MosulOps – providing 66,000 people with shelter  MosulAid   
We will be holding a Q&amp;A with   today at 1pm. Use  DefeatDaeshQnA to join the conversation  
In pictures: see how   is helping people around Mosul with suppo  from  UKaid    
are providing vital aid to all those affected by  Daesh &amp;  MosulOps  
Daesh try to tear families apa ,  UK is committed to suppo ing Gov. Of  Iraq to keep them together  ISIS  ISIL   
Brave Imad tells   of how he escaped  Daesh execution    ISIS  ISIL
Met with Raed Saleh from White Helmets to hear of astonishing bravery in  Syria. Bombardment of  Aleppo must stop.  …
.  known as the 'White Helmets' have saved tens of thousands of lives in  Syria. The UK has committed £32m…
Join us tomorrow at 1pm for our  DefeatingDaesh Q&amp;A with  . Send your questions in now using…  
The UK has a comprehensive strategy to defeat  Daesh. Ask me &amp;   questions about it on Thursday from 1pm…
Besieged E  Aleppo is under relentless bombing by  Assad. Show your solidarity with  Syria by using  StandWithAleppo
STRIKE UPDATE: RAF Typhoons strike targets near  Raqqa in suppo  of Syrian Democratic Forces  DefeatingDaesh  
UK forces are  DefeatingDaesh by training Iraqi + Kurdish forces. Here, an Army medic demonstrates life saving first aid  Gl… 
.   will be answering your questions on the UK's effo s  DefeatingDaesh on Thursday at 1300 UK time  DefeatDa…
UK forces are  DefeatingDaesh by training Iraqi+Kurdish forces. Here, a Kurdish commander is taught to coach his own soldier… 
UK forces are  DefeatingDaesh by training Iraqi+Kurdish forces. Here a Royal Engineer briefs soldiers on demolitions trainin…
Proud that  UK communities show they  StandWithAleppo by lighting trail of beacons down the Fi h of Fo h.  
Now safe in camps,  Mosul women tell   the lengths of  Daesh oppression 
“We feel safe and comfo able here”: families welcomed into camps &amp; leave the terrors of  Daesh behind them    ISIS
Join our Q&amp;A with   on Thurs at 1pm for more info on  UK-'s role in  DefeatingDaesh. Send your qs in…  
Little Haitham taking his first steps at our rehabilitation center in  Aleppo. In 2016, we assisted 505 other patients in the… 
Emotional photo for an  Iraq-i woman raising the Iraqi flag when the  ISF  liberated her town .
Via   114,000+  Iraq-i people have received food rations since the sta  of  MosulOps 
UK is a proud member of the   &amp; dedicated to defeating  Daesh  UnitedAgainstDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
.  watch this now: WFP brings food and hope to men, women and kids who have fled  Mosul,  Iraq.   
We will be holding a Q&amp;A with   on Thurs 24 Nov at 13:00 UK time. Send your questions now using…  
Daesh’s areas of influence continue to shrink – see this map for more info:  
Da'esh atrocities continue to pollute the air in  Iraq. Their willingness to do such things is proof they have no legitimacy.…
These images of aid delivered to people in  Manbij shows children and families rebuilding their lives  childrensday  
.  pa ner UK are providing medical suppo  to children around  Mosul  childrensday cc    
Via   69,000+ people have been given assistance within 48 hrs of their displacement from  Mosul 
“The people who were living there didn’t really prepare for life there...[they] were just preparing for war”:    mosul
“In the last few days I thought I would die. There was no more food, no electricity, even water was scarce”:   
@ FATE_2016:   Every time I hear another parent's story, I cry.” How mothers are uniting against  Daesh    ISIS  ISIS 
We will be holding a Q&amp;A with   on Thurs 24 Nov at 13:00 UK time. Send your questions now using…  
Daesh tore his life apa  - now he wants to help rebuild  Iraq for all Iraqis. Watch the story of Sido here:  
entered  Mosul city for first time in 2+ years, bringing emergency supplies for 15,000 children:   
Daesh has no respect for human life – their brainwashing of 400,000  Mosul children is evidence of this:   
Latest images of the battle to recapture  Mosul in  Iraq via   and 
New images reveal how  Daesh savages have reduced the ancient site of  Nimrud to rubble:    ISIS  ISIL
We will be holding a Q&amp;A with   on Thurs 24 Nov at 13:00 UK time. Send your questions now using…  
Over 100  humanitarian   agencies &amp;  NGOs are providing  MosulAid to people in need in the month since  MosulOps began in  Iraq
Watch the powerful story of one  Iraq-i man who hopes to rebuild his country after the terror of  Daesh  
.   Daesh sought to destroy  Iraq’s patrimony in  Nimrud. Now, they have been forced to flee from the town 
.  1800+ displaced people from Tel Kaif and surrounding villages received food and other relief items near the frontlines  Mosul
.  Iraq UNFPA responding to severe health risks women and girls face amid Mosul military operation    MosulAid
In  Kirkuk, Monaly Najeeb &amp; her friends hid for 7+ hours under their dorm beds, inches from  Daesh terrorists 
Iraqi-i Army soldier reunited with his mother after two years, the reality of liberation for  Mosul:    ISIL  ISIS 
Clear suppo  in   meetings for bringing  Daesh to justice.  UK working with  Iraq on next steps  daeshjustice  ISIS  ISIL
One month since push to retake  Mosul began,  UKaid is providing food, medicine and care for Iraqis escaping Daesh tyranny htt… 
UKaid helping aid agencies inc   prepare food, blankets and medical care for 100s of 1000s fleeing  Mosul.   
Told  UNSC &amp;   UK hosts   communications cell. Brings together coalition to counter misrepresenta…
Read how Baghdadi’s recent speech recognises that  Daesh is ‘on the brink of defeat’ ISIS  ISIL
This 17-year-old is standing up to ISIS by making copies of sculptures destroyed by the terrorist group   ht…
Daesh destroy thousands of years of culture over night and they begin to panic about losing Mosul :    ISIS  ISIL
Booby-trapped toys: How  Daesh targets  Mosul's children  :    ISIS  ISIL 
In Berlin for   meeting: Daesh losing territory, fighters, funds &amp; credibility  defeatDaesh   https:… 
Discover   - raising awareness of the signs of  radicalisation &amp; what you can do to help  
Daesh try to rip families apa .  UK are suppo ing Gov. of Iraq to keep them together.  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
Daesh try to tear families apa ,  UK are committed to suppo ing   and Gov. Of  Iraq to keep them togeth…   
Priti Patel:   It is vital that supplies of food and medicine are allowed to reach those cut off in the city.    Aleppo  Syria h… 
UKaid has provided clean water for over 2.3 million people affected by the conflict in Syria  
UKaid has provided over 21 million monthly food rations for people affected by the Syria conflict since 2012  
UKaid is helping   to prepare emergency kits for those in need in  Mosul  
Priti Patel:   More than a qua er of a million people are trapped and running out of food in the city.    Aleppo  Syria https:/… 
This is what the liberation of  Mosul from  Daesh means to those who live there:    DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
Daesh attack families – fining people unfairly to try and turn them against their loved ones  
Resumption of airstrikes on  Aleppo increases civilian suffering.  Russia has unique chance to persuade  Syria regime to…
See the best analysis and updates on  Mosul on our dedicated page  MosulOps  FreeMosul  
Daesh tore his life apa  - now he wants to help rebuild  Iraq for all Iraqis. Watch the story of Sido here:  
STRIKE UPDATE:   strikes suppo  SDF and Iraqi advances on  Raqqa and  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh  
exposing realities of  Daesh recruits &amp; educating against radicalisation  
Daesh are ripping families apa .  UK are suppo ing Gov. of Iraq to keep them together.  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
‘The Global Coalition suppo s the  SDF move towards  Raqqa'  Read more  
.  map showing how  Daesh’s areas of influence continue to shrink    DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
Daesh try to destroy families - they send sons far away &amp; force families to leave so foreign fighters can live in…  
UK is committed to suppo ing  Iraq-i Gov. in the battle for  Mosul. Read how the campaign has progressed so far  
Daesh are sending children to fight far from their homes.  UK funding has provided specialist psychological suppo  for IDP children.
Iraq-i children forced to learn how to make bombs &amp; kill in  Daesh-run schools    ISIS  ISIL
Via    Daesh-‘s strict control even extends to underwear    ISIS  ISIL
The history of  Mosul in 5 maps via    MosulOps  FreeMosul  
Via   the Battle for Mosul so far    DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
Via   brave Chicago-based doctor who volunteered in  Aleppo.  Assad/ Russia must stop the bombardment now  
Daesh are evicting families from their houses.  UK is providing over £15m to UN stabilisation effo s to help thos…  
Read why Baghdadi’s recent speech recognises  Daesh is ‘on the brink of defeat’    ISIS  ISIL
has provided 21.7m food rations for people in Syria since Feb 2012  SyriaCrisis  
VIDEO: how  Daesh-‘s brutal occupation of  Mosul turned Sido’s life upside down    ISIS  ISIL
Life for families living under  Daesh control in  Mosul is awful - as the group loot from businesses and destroy livelihoods…
Today we remember those who have fallen and those involved in current military operations  ArmisticeDay  WeWillRemembe hem
Mosul  residents speak of life under  Daesh, their escape &amp; reunion with loved ones ISIS  ISIL 
STRIKE UPDATE:   Reaper destroys a Daesh vehicle with a Hellfire missile near  Raqqah  DefeatingDaesh  
Daesh attack families – fining them unfairly to try and force loved ones to become informants. Read more:  
VIDEO:   exposing  Daesh lies &amp; their violent ideology  ISIS  ISIL  
Daesh has destroyed families across  Iraq &amp;  Syria. Learn more here   ISIS  ISIL
Via   14,152 barrel bombs dropped on  Syria by  Assad forces since  Russia intervention. 1,128 were in Oct alone 
Via   seized documents from  Mosul offensive fu her evidence  Daesh brutality ISIS  ISIL
Iraq-i Security Forces personnel helping fellow Iraqis freed from the tyranny of  Daesh PHOTOS:    …
Via   the history of  Mosul in 5 maps  MosulOps  DefeatingDaesh ISIS  ISIL
Training taking place with   staff in Jadah camp, near  Mosul today - funded by  UKaid, preparing to help people libera… 
Before leaving,   met w/ Iraq-i press to answer their questions about UK’s extensive suppo  to Iraq. 
Keep up –to-date with the  Mosul operation here  MosulOps  DefeatingDaesh ISIS  ISIL
Delighted to be in Baghdad wth Foreign Minister Jaafari, discussed Mosul and post liberation planning, and bringing Dae… 
Great video showing  Mosul children playing &amp; learning for the first time in 2 years    ISIS  ISIL
.    suppo ing   &amp;  Iraq-i Gov. with over 1000 airstrikes against  Daesh in  Iraq  
Via   honest stories from brave  Iraq-is who lived under  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL  
UK aid will provide shelter for 66,000 people affected by  Mosul operation &amp; 42,000 people access to healthcare   
Farhan sleeps peacefully as his parents managed to escape war and reach safety in UNHCR  Zelikan camp  MosulAid  
TRAINING:   has now helped train over 30,000 Iraqi &amp; Kurdish forces as they take the fight to Daesh  … 
UK meeting w like-minded envoys this week on  Syria. UK pushing for political process to permanently end bloodshed, incl… 
Via   interview with a secret blogger inside Mosul who has documented life under  Daesh for 2yrs    ISIS
UK has committed £169.5m in humanitarian suppo  to those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq    ISIS  ISIL
Daesh corruption revealed via    Daesh leaders steal millions of dollars from their treasury    ISIS  ISIL
UK proud to be suppo ing  Iraq-i Gov in  MosulOps  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL  
The operation to liberate  Mosul is running to plan says   and   will suppo   Iraq to protect civilians.
Via    Daesh seizing boys as young as 9 to fight in  Mosul    ISIS  ISIL
VIDEO: Children from  Mosul paint, learn &amp; play after 2 years under  Daesh    ISIS  ISIL 
Hasansham camp today: Families are settling in, and their children are playing in child friendly spaces.  Mosul  MosulAid h… 
UK on track to deliver our funding pledged  Suppo Syrians this year. We call on others to deliver their pledges too. htt…
has provided clean water for 3.2m people in Syria in 2015/2016 alone  SyriaCrisis
Mosul: We’re working around the clock to make sure children, like this little girl, never lose hope. 
Innocent civilians in  Mosul are paying the price for  Daesh’s corruption and desperation for money.
raising awareness of the signs of radicalisation &amp; what you can do to help  DefeatingDaesh    ISIS  ISIL
UK proud to suppo   MosulOps &amp; stand united with families of  Mosul against  Daesh-’s brutal regime    ISIS  ISIL
Via   24 people killed by  Assad regime to ure in October, shows   repo    
Appalling:  Daesh use civilians as human shields  DefeatingDaesh ISIS  ISIL
.    suppo ing  Iraq-i Gov. with successful precision airstrikes on  Daesh    ISIS  ISIL
Sources say  Daesh impose fines on entire families if one member breaks their ‘rules’ – trying to force families to inform on each other
doing great work to empower young people &amp; families to stand up to extremism  WeAreTomorrow  
US Special Envoy to  ,  , discusses  Mosul &amp; the fight against  Daesh on  ISIS 
UK aid will provide shelter for 66,000 people affected by  Mosul operation &amp; 42,000 people access to healthcare   
As the  Mosul operation continues, repo s suggest  Daesh have been stealing the belongings of families in the area   
Sources confirm  Daesh pressure families to make their sons fight – and then deploy them miles from home to prevent dese ions
Daesh recently changed a young man’s jail sentence to a fine, after discovering his family was wealthy – a desperate form of 'justice' 
'We are forever marked by the sins of our son': Hea break of  Iraq-i parents whose child joined  Daesh    ISIS  ISIL
This boy recently arrived to a refugee camp after fleeing the conflict in  Mosul. We will do whatever it takes to protect child…
Milestone: Iraqi forces enter eastern neighborhoods of  Mosul this morning. New advances on all axes. Ways to go, but ahe… 
Over 3 million people reached w/ clean water in 2015/16. Latest figures on UK humanitarian aid in  Syria &amp; region:  
“Now I can play with my friends and I’m not scared any more.” – Nasreen, 12.  Mosul  MosulAid   https… 
Daesh frequently evict families from their homes by claiming the prope ies have not been ‘registered’ &amp; leaving them with nowhere to go
WATCH NOW:   providing an update to Parliament on our effo s to defeat  Daesh in  Iraq &amp;  Syria  
FS:  Daesh are in retreat on every battlefront in  Iraq &amp;  Syria. After so much bloodshed, their downfall is not a matte… 
.  Britain has pledged £2.3 billion to the  Syria relief effo  – our largest ever response to a single cri…
Today's statement on the counter- Daesh campaign, from    , is sta ing now. Watch   
Via   interview with a secret blogger inside  Mosul who has documented life under  Daesh for 2 years  
Daesh punishes whole families if one member is deemed to have broken a ‘law’ –punishments include brutal lashings &amp; fines  ISIS  ISIL
In October alone, 1106 civilians were killed in  Syria. Nearly 800 killed by  Assad/ Russia. 460+ were women and children… 
UK proud to be suppo ing  Iraq-i led offensive on  Mosul  MosulOps  DefeatingDaesh  
Via   photos of  Daesh-‘s use of teddies &amp; toy trucks to disguise IEDs ISIS  ISIL
Daesh retreat in No hern  Iraq brings fo h joy, tears, and emotional reunions 
Sources in Boqruss,  Syria say that  Daesh have cruelly evicted families from their homes to give the houses to foreign fighters  ISIS  ISIL 
What's inside a   food box? Take a look inside &amp; see what they are providing displaced 840,000+ families a month inside Syria. h… 
Discover how  Mosul was a thriving city before  Daesh came
5.4 million children in need in Syria, many still try and go to school despite the horrific violence   
Fu her proof life under  Daesh is awful, as documents from the group tell how to 'deal with female captives'  Mosul https:/… 
Sources in  Raqqa confirm  Daesh preachers are using sermons to urge families to force their sons to fight on the frontlines
Via   shaving off  Daesh-imposed beards gives barbers busiest day in 2 years    ISIS  ISIL
lending their voice to women who have been silenced by  Daesh for 2 years  Mosul    ISIS  ISIL
ISF have liberated more than 100 villages in the push to liberate  Mosul with 22 being liberated on Sunday  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
A displaced  Iraqi boy leads his animals to safety after escaping  IslamicState near  Mosul  Iraq 📷    …
Incredible photos from the  Mosul area of security forces helping children recently liberated from  Daesh  MosulOps  FreeMos…
Great video from   helping to empower young people and families to stand up to extremism  WeAreTomorrow  
As  Mosul operations continue,  Daesh are also struggling in  Syria, with internal divisions widening. Read more -    
A woman hugs an  isof soldier after  iraqi forces capture the last village on the edge of  mosul.
UK has contributed £40mil to provide humanitarian suppo  to those affected by  Mosul ops, read more about it here:   
Daesh is losing territory daily in  Iraq and  Syria – their finances are being crushed &amp; leadership is failing  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS
The  UK has committed £169.5m in humanitarian suppo  to those affected by  Daesh in Iraq    ISIS  ISIL
Not only are  Daesh poisonous to the lives &amp; futures  Iraq-i people they have deliberately poisoned their air too:  
UK troops in  Erbil  Iraq provide ongoing training to  Iraq-i security forces to counter- Daesh   ( )  ISIL
Another example of how desperate and barbaric  Daesh really are. This is why they must be stopped:    DefeatingDaesh
For   updates on  MosulOps head to:    Daesh  Mosul  ISIL  Iraq
.  explains why  Daesh losing  Dabiq matters:   (via.  )  ISIS
Follow the  YourFamilyIsYourLife hashtag to see how  Daesh hu  families - and how families can help in  DefeatingDaesh cc  
Daesh lost  Dabiq - but why does it matter? Find out in our latest Opinion piece, written by 
Want to know more about the  Mosul operation? Then visit the dedicated page on the   website for updates  
“As  Daesh loses territory its propaganda wing has been forced to come up with a new storyline”:    DefeatingDaesh
MONDAY:  Syria comes under scrutiny    UPR in  Geneva. We will be there, maintaining the pressure, working to  E… 
13.5m people in need of aid in  Syria. Sarah, now in a  UK-aid funded school in Lebanon, is just one person helped…   
Hea breaking story from Syrian teen who was forced to flee war-torn  Aleppo.  Assad&amp;  Russia must stop the bombs  
UK has contributed £169.5m in humanitarian aid to suppo  all those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq    ISIS  ISIL
ThursdayThoughts from the UK Special Rep for  Syria,  , on what the loss of  Dabiq will mean to  Daesh 
13.5m in need of aid in  Syria. Hassan received a spinal injury from a bomb in 2014 &amp; was suppo ed by   which…  
As Iraqi+Kurdish Forces continue ops around  Mosul UK teams in Erbil continue training the Peshmerga  DefeatingDaesh https:/…
Via   honest stories from brave  Iraq-is who lived under  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL  
Daesh cannot even keep the lights on in  Raqqa as they implement electricity rations for residents    ISIS  ISIL
Defence news today looks at the army photographic winners and RAF air strikes in Syria    
UK funding to provide primary healthcare to 42,000+ people who are displaced by the  Mosul offensive    Daesh  ISIL 
13.5m people in need of aid in  Syria. Chouk, now in a  UK-aid funded school in Lebanon, is just one person helped…   
UK will resume training of Syrian moderate opposition to fight Daesh.   Secretary Michael Fallon  
Daesh command continues to fail as Iraq-i forces advance on  Mosul, backed up by   airstrikes  ISIS  ISIL 
UK is pa  of 67 member   committed to defeating  Daesh. Find out who our pa ners are here    ISIS  ISIL
Positive talks with Norwegian Foreign Minister  , including on security &amp; defeating  Daesh.  Norway &amp; UK remai… 
UK pledges shelter and suppo  kits for Mosul  MosulAid  Iraq  UKaid  
UK pledges suppo  for displaced people in camps around Mosul  MosulAid  Iraq  UKaid  
UK pledges medical aid and supplies for Mosul  MosulAid  Iraq  Ukaid  
Sources: In Fallujah, b4  Daesh was ejected, locals forced to make bread using ground seeds from dates and thorny plants.  C… 
Sources: Children starving to death in  Daesh areas of Iraq while fighters stockpile food.  Corruption (1/2)
The battle for  Mosul, in one image via    MosulOps  FreeMosul   
The reality of freedom for the children of  Ba ella saved by  Iraq-i forces from  Daesh after two years  MosulOps…  
UK pledges fu her suppo  for up to 66,000 people during  Mosul operation    ISIS  ISIL 
Defence Secretary’s Michael Fallon sets out UK Syrian moderate training &amp;    Mosul strikes   in Paris…
STRIKE UPDATE:   suppo s liberation of Qaraqosh and Ba allah, east of  Mosul  DefeatingDaesh   
Moscow says  Russia/ Assad planes have not struck  Aleppo in one week. Monitors repo  airstrikes resumed to regular mome…
Incredibly disappointed life-saving medical care and evacuations couldn't proceed due to lack of security guarantees. 2/2…
Since last Thurs,   and   have been on standby in  Aleppo to evacuate  Syria's wounded and sick 1/2 
13.5m people in need of aid in  Syria. Hana &amp; her baby were suppo ed by International Rescue Committee which  UK-a…  
UK is proud of   for providing comprehensive air suppo  to  Iraq-i forces in  Mosul offensive  ISIS…  
60% des frappes de la RAF ont été effectuées autour de Mossoul   Itw de Michael Fallon, ministre de la Défense britannique,… 
Catch up with today's defence news inc working dog sqns,  Syria &amp;  Iraq 
.  to resume training of  Syria-n opposition to fight  Daesh:    DefeatingDaesh
Read  -‘s update on the  Mosul campaign &amp;   successes so far    ISIS  ISIL
UK will resume training of Syrian opposition to fight Daesh, DefSec Michael Fallon has announced  DefeatingDaesh   
After being liberated from  Daesh, residents of  Manbij receive food to help them continue to rebuild their lives and commun… 
In the last month, between 90,000 and 100,000 Iraqis have returned to their homes in areas liberated from  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL 
Daesh attacks on oil &amp; sulphur plants harm innocent people.  Daesh have no regard for human life    ISIS  ISIL
13.5m people in need of aid in  Syria. Ahmed, now in a  UK-aid funded school in Lebanon, is just one person helped…   
Via @ _com: incredible footage of  Iraq-i forces continuing their determined advance on  Mosul  ISIS  ISIL  
On Friday, church bells rang in Ba ella,  Iraq, to celebrate its liberation by  ISF from  Daesh ISIS  ISIL 
The UK condemns the heinous acts by Asad, his military and their Russian backers   in  Aleppo  Syria 
The UK has committed £169.5 million in humanitarian aid in  Iraq since 2014, incl. over £40m to prepare for  Mosul response th… 
UK pledges medical aid and supplies for Mosul  MosulAid  Iraq  
UK is committed to suppo ing those affected by the operations in  Mosul. That’s why we committed a fu her £40m a…  
More than 25,000  Daesh fighters have been killed since airstrikes began in 2014  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL 
UK committed to  DefeatingDaesh and ensuring  Iraq-i people return to their homes safely  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
Interesting debate in   on Daesh’s territory vs. brand -  Daesh must be defeated for the long term  
First  Russia hostile amendment to the  Aleppo resolution   rejected. This resolution must not be diluted: https…
REJECTED: Third hostile amendment from  Russia defeated 22-10.  HumanRightsCouncil members working to  EndThisWar  UKf…
REJECTED: fou h hostile amendment tabled by  Russia rejected by   members 20-11. Atrocities committed by the re…
REJECTED: the fifth hostile amendment tabled by  Russia also rejected  . Members have voted for  justice &amp;  acco…
ADOPTED! UK-led   resolution to bring  justice &amp;  accountability 2  Aleppo. Urges full cessation of hostilities…
UK calls for unhindered access for all  humanitarian agencies to  Aleppo &amp;  Syria following adoption of    Alepp…
UK has contributed £9.25mil to the   Development Programme Stabilisation Fund to suppo   Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
Over 400 dedicated British soldiers are in  Iraq training the  ISF to fight  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL
Russia must allow full and sustained access for humanitarian aid &amp; end pa icipation in bombing in E  Aleppo
Russia/ Assad’s sho  pause in  Aleppo is inadequate. There must be an end to the bombings &amp; full access for humanitarian aid  SyriaCrisis
Foreign ministers met yesterday in  Paris to discuss protecting civilians in  Mosul. Read about the meeting here  
More than $2 billion invested in  Mosul and  Iraq stabilisation by  UK-suppo ed   so far.   DefeatDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
.    on  Aleppo   Russia: you're making the situation worse, not solving it   Read full statement: h… 
Daesh have now lost 52% of territory in  Iraq, 25% in  Syria. See a map of their losses here:   
UK is wholehea edly suppo ing  Iraq-i Gov. in effo s to defeat  Daesh in  Iraq and  Syria  ISIS  ISIL
.  Aleppo won't be there any more after the end of this year.   Why this special session   is urgent… 
Visit   website for ongoing updates from across the world on the fight against  Daesh    ISIS  ISIL
Aleppo is dying; we cannot watch silently. UK calling   special session on  Syria on Fri in  Geneva. We must al…
UK hosted Iraq &amp; Kurdistan pa ners in London today. British Ambassador   updates including on the progress…
Daesh shamelessly lie to recruit vulnerable people    
The   suppo s the Government of  Iraq in stabilising areas liberated from  Daesh so that families can return home.…
UK is the largest contributor to the  Iraq Humanitarian Pooled Fund, having committed £169.5m to help those affected by  Daesh since 2014 
.  are playing leading role in  -’s air suppo  to ISF in  Mosul operation – providing intelligence &amp; surveillance
775,000+ displaced people in  Iraq have returned home thanks to stabilisation effo s the  UK has helped fund 
STRIKE UPDATE:    has been suppo ing Iraqi forces in their advance on  Mosul    
Mosul : Iraqi armed forces captured 20 villages from  Daesh
The  UK-suppo ed   has driven  Daesh out of nearly 50% of territory it once occupied in  Iraq &amp; over 20% in  Syria  ISIS  ISIL
UK remains clear on what  Russia must do in  Syria. End  Aleppo onslaught &amp; pressure  Assad for full aid access
UK has contributed £40mil to provide humanitarian suppo  to those affected by  Mosul operations  
POTUS today on  Mosul operation:   It is Iraqis who are doing the fighting and they are performing effectively and bravely…   
UK suppo s  Peshmerga to  defeatdaesh: 730,000 rounds ammunition now delivered. Proud to stand with Iraq towards  Mosul. h… 
Photos from the frontline of the  Mosul operation, cou esy of    MosulOps  FreeMosul   
International community pledged over $2 billion for  aid, stabilisation, and demining for  Mosul operations so far  Defeatin… 
UK is committed to providing gov of  Iraq with military, humanitarian &amp; stabilisation suppo  - 
Daesh are corrupt – sources say  Daesh judge who exto ed money &amp; farmland from Syrian people paid to avoid jail time  ISIS  ISIL
Michael Fallon: Defeating  Daesh in the long term will help make the streets of Britain &amp; Europe safer.  DefeatingDaesh  …
Michael Fallon:  Daesh has suffered a series of crushing defeats this year: Ramadi; Hit; Fallujah.  Daesh is failing.  …
Michael Fallon: UK has conducted strikes in suppo  of  Mosul operations &amp; will continue as assault preparations progress. @…
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon speaking in the   about military operations against  Daesh in  Mosul.  …
Remarkable story from the front line near  Mosul  MosulOps  
.  reiterates UK’s suppo  for civilians affected by the sta  of  Iraq-i military operations   ( )
Priti Patel: We urge all pa ies in the  Mosul conflict to ensure aid agences get access and suppo    h…
BLOG:  Daesh ideology finds it harder to take root when there is  FoRB &amp;  FreedomofExpression. Here's why:  
Russia will repo edly halt bombing in  Aleppo  Syria for 8hrs this Thurs but we need a complete &amp; lasting ceasefire to p…
Yesterday  Daesh lost  Dabiq. Today  Iraq-i forces move to liberate  Mosul with   suppo ing them  DefeatingDaesh  …
STRIKE UPDATE: As operations to recapture  Mosul begin,   has continued to provide close air suppo    
.  will play a leading role in   air suppo  for  Iraq-i ground forces in  Mosul operation  DefeatingD…
The beginning of the encirclement of  Mosul today is a big moment in our effo s to rid Iraq of Daesh   says DefSec   
Why the battle of  Mosul matters in the fight against  Daesh:   (via.  )  ISIS  ISIL
Battle for  Mosul: Operation to retake  Iraq-i city from  Daesh begins:   (via.  )  ISIS  ISIL
Daesh dese ions have increased &amp; flow of foreign has fighters fallen by up to 90%  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
UK has committed £169.5m suppo  victims of  Daesh in  Iraq  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
UK is committed to providing govt of  Iraq with military, humanitarian &amp; stabilisation suppo  - 
.  comments on the sta  of the  Iraq-i mission to recapture  Mosul from  Daesh…  
Daesh is losing territory daily in  Iraq and  Syria – their finances are crushed and their leadership is failing  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS
Statement from Minister for the Middle East   on the Iraqi-led operation to recapture  Mosul:  
13.5m people are in need of humanitarian suppo  in  Syria – read how the  UK is helping  
Military op to  FreeMosul has successfully begun.  Peshmerga w/int'l coalition&amp;  ISF will deliver  ISIS a lasting defeat…
UK suppo s Iraqi PM   &amp; Iraq’s Security Forces military operation to liberate  Mosul from  Daesh
Defence Secretary: UK Armed Forces will provide training to Tunisian forces to help stem the threat posed by Daesh:  
Tonight, PM Abadi issued orders to initiate major operations to liberate  Mosul after two years of darkness under  ISIL t… 
News:  Dabiq is now the latest town to have been liberated from  Daesh  
Iraqi PM announces sta  of military offensive to retake country's second city, Mosul, from Islamic State group   
UK hosted world leaders for talks on  Syria ahead of tomorrow's EU Foreign Affairs Council  FAC.  globalbritain  
UK has contributed £169.5m in humanitarian aid to suppo  all those affected by  Daesh in  Iraq    ISIS  ISIL
To date   have conducted 1066 strikes against  Daesh  DefeatingDaesh  ISIS  ISIL
UK plays a leading role in the 67 member Global   to  DefeatDaesh ISIS  ISIL
.  is meeting foreign ministers from  US,  Germany &amp;  France today to discuss solutions to situation in  Syria &amp;  Iraq 
UK is committed to helping  Iraq-i Gov. rid the country of  Daesh  ISIS  ISIL
International community must not turn a blind eye to what’s happening in  Syria -  UK is working hard for political solution
Sources in  Mosul say that  Daesh cordons off areas during strikes &amp; uses the time to steal from shopkeepers  ISIS  ISIL
.  are doing amazing work to help mothers to recognise signs of violent extremism in their children    ISIS
Bar manager 'holding up to 12 people hostage' in stand-off with police in Miami    
BREAKING: Hostage situation at Miami bar - schools evacuated as armed police rush to scene    
SHOCK: Sensitive Super Bowl Anti-Terrorism Documents Left On Plane, Jeopardized National Security…   
Break | Irish spiders are apparently made from pure terror......    
It’s probably a bad idea to leave anti-terrorism plans for the Super Bowl in your airplane seat…  
Israel working with Germany to combat ISIS terrorism in Europe    
Deputy Defense Minister: Punish terrorists' families    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Muy pronto sentirás el terror de Inquilinos    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Iranian Leader’s Heir: ‘Soon We Will Witness the Liberation Of Jerusalem’    
2 Canadians have ‘safely left Syria’ after repo  of captivity    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
DHS Employee Leaves Super Bowl Anti-Terror Documents On Commercial Flight    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
DYING FETUS - Wrong One To Fuck With (Official Music Video in 4K)    
Trump Official Leaves Sensitive Anti-Terrorism Documents On Commercial Flight    
Attentäter von Paris schweigt vor Gericht und ve raut auf Allah 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Radical Muslims Continue Terror Attacks Against Nigerian Christians    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Mom Secretly Writes Note that She's Being Held Hostage, Sends with Daughter to School 
Danon: UN Security Council should condemn Ariel attack   hhcAJ  
DHS Anti-Terrorism Dossier for the Super Bowl Left on a Commercial Plane    
Sensitive Super Bowl anti-terror documents left on commercial plane: repo 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Israeli Navy on high ale  over upgraded Hamas underwater terror threats    
VICTORY! ISIS defeated by Trump    
Watch: Footage of Ariel terror attack    
ClintEastwood casts real American heroes in ‘The 15:17 to  Paris’  France  WhiteHouse  Amsterdam...…  
Netanyahu: We will bring the terrorist to justice  PrimeMinister    
Israeli Murdered in Terror Attack in Ariel    
Homeland Security’s anti-terror  SuperBowl plans left on plane  theSuperBowl  SensitiveDepa ment…   
Paris terror attacks suspect  SalahAbdeslam refuses to stand at trial, tells cou : ' Judge me'...…   
Skyscrape railer 1 | Movieclips Trailers  Legendary'sSKYSCRAPER  PabloSchreiber...    
Bisexual ‘neo-Nazi’ convicted of terrorism over  GayPride attack plan   EthanStables    
Bisexual ‘neo-Nazi’ convicted of terrorism over  GayPride attack plan —   UKNews  EthanStable…  
Pilot of downed  Russian Jet in  Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists - 21st Century Wire...…  
WATCH:  Adam Schiff Implies Possible Terror Attack After Sta ling Memo Revelations    
SuperBowl anti-terrorism documents left on plane —  CNN  theSuperBowl    
Israeli critically hu  in apparent terror stabbing attack in  WestBank    
Zero Hedge | Pilot Of Downed Russian  Su-25 Detonated Grenade As...    
White Supremacist Ethan Stables Convicted Of Planning Machete Terror Attack At Cumbria LGBT Event…  
Pilot Of Downed Russian  Su-25 Detonated Grenade As Terrorists Advanced  Syria  no hwestSyria…  
TMZ | Cops investigating bomb threat at The Ivy.    
Olympics 2018: Drills held in Pyeongchang prepare for threats of terrorism, war 
Republic | Terrorists in  Pakistan'sArmy    
As Erdogan meets pope,  Jerusalem expected on agenda  Francis  president 
Greenblatt slams  Hamas's use of Iranian 'blood money' for terror  MiddleEast    
SalahAbdeslam,  Paris Terror Attack Suspect, Spurns Cou  Saying 'Do As You Want With Me' 
To some Leave ultras, a hard Irish border is a price wo h paying for the “correct” Brexit  Ireland...…   
Man found guilty of planning terror attack on Cumbria gay event  EthanStables    
Neo-Nazi convicted of planning terror attack at gay pride event  EthanStables    
CNNInternational | Sensitive repo s about protecting  theSuperBowl from...    
SuperBowl national security docs left on plane  theSuperBowl    
326 NPA terrorists sumuko  ArmedForcesofthePhilippines  Philippines  NewPeople’sArmy    
Turkey's Erdogan meets pope,  Jerusalem expected on agenda  RecepTayyipErdogan  Francis  President…   
Turkey's Erdogan meets pope,  Jerusalem expected on agenda  RecepTayyipErdogan  Francis  President…   
Ombudsman clears De Lima, et al. of terror, graft raps  officeoftheOmbudsman  LeilaDeLima  AbuSayyaf…   
Pilot of downed  Su-25 in  Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD    
Kremlin Deeply Worried That Terrorists Have MANPADS After  Su-25 Downing in  Syria  spokesman  Russia...…  
Geheime Allianz: Sisi lässt Israel seit Jahren Luftangriffe in Ägypten fliegen - SPIEGEL ONLINE - Politik…  
Why has  IsmailHaniyeh been placed on the US terror list?  UnitedStates  Jerusalem  PalestinianTerritories...…  
Ombudsman junks charges vs De  Lima for allegedly aiding terrorists    
BREAKING: One Person Killed As Boko Haram Attacks Borno Village • Channels Television    
'Suffragettes were inspirational - not terrorists'  writer    
SkyNews | Those few people who claim that the suffragettes...  JunePurvis  historian    
INQUIRER.net | DID YOU KNOW: Intramuros residents held hostage during...    
US and  Argentina to work together against Hezbollah  Faurie  SecretaryofState  Hizballah  UnitedStates...…  
SkyNews | Suffragettes are seen as selfless today but in...  SimonWebb  historian    
The Ivy Gets Bomb Threat Laced with Homophobia, Cops Investigating 
CNN Philippines | The  ArmedForcesofthe Philippines will continue...  www.cnn.ph    
Paris attacks suspect to go on trial in  Belgium  SalahAbdeslam  Belgiancou   Brussels    
Greenblatt:  Iran gives  Hamas $100 million annually for terrorism  ChiefofStaffEisenkotcautions  Trump...…  
How can  America change  Pakistani behavior?     
'Women would have got the vote earlier if not for suffragette terrorists'  writer    
SKYSCRAPEROfficialTrailer (2018) ft. Dwayne    TheRock   Johnson  INTERNETSnapchat  DanyGarcia...…   
Skyscrape railer 1 (Universal Pictures) HD  HiramGarcia  BeauFlynn  PabloSchreiber  NeveCampbell...…  
Ombudsman junks graft, terror raps vs De Lima  AbuSayyaf  officeoftheOmbudsman  LeiladeLima  AbuSayyafsuspects…   
Skyscraper - Official Trailer [HD]  UnitedStates  EricMcLeod  Baywatch  WendyJacobson  BeauFlynn...…  
Turkey is attacking Afrin with jihadi terrorists.  UnitedStates  Russia  No hAtlanticTreatyOrganization...…  
Video: At least 30 terrorists killed as  Russia responds to downing of  Su-25 fighter jet  Syria'sIdlib  Syria…  
Ombudsman clears De  Lima in ‘empty’  AbuSayyaf complaint  Governor  Sulu  Abdusaku anSr    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Survivor shows linkage between crime, terror  Paris 
General says unlicensed guns down to 4,100 in  Sulu  AbuSayyaf  militarycommander 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
My Take of Two  Presidential Addresses: 2001 vs. 2017  ObamaAdministration    
First Muslim Green Beret shows colleagues he’s one of them wiz3Ja
PamelaGeller on  Twitter  PalestinianTerritories  Facebook  Israel    
Breaking: U.S. Backed Terrorists Shoot Down  Russian Plane in  Syria -  Russia Retaliates  Su-25...…  
DwayneJohnson Literally On The Edge In ‘Skyscraper’:  SuperBowl Spot  producer  BeauFlynn    
Paris terror attack suspect  SalahAbdeslam goes on trial over police shootout    
AdamSchiff LOSES HIS MIND Over Memo – Desperately Tries To Compare It To Act Of Terror...    
Facebook EXCLUDES Israel 'Country' Option - Includes Fake Terror-State 'Palestine' - Geller Repo ...…  
American Patriot | Horrifying footage shows two young thugs brutally stabbing...    
Man wanted in $80k mall theft barricades himself inside home: officials  JohnnyNunez...    
‘ Philippines can build own ships to boost military capability’ RichardGordon    
Skyscraper  SuperBowl TV Spot | Movieclips Trailers  PabloSchreiber  China  HostageRescueTeamleader...…  
Bus pelted with rocks in south: 'It's like a terror attack'  IDF    
Skyscraper - Big Game Spot [HD]  Caribbean  Baywatch  HostageRescueTeamleader  MarshallThurber  BeauFlynn...…  
Arutz Sheva - Israel National News | Bus pelted with rocks in south: 'It's like...    
VICE News | Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau tweeted last year...    
| A military commander said relentless operations by government...    
POSSIBLE DEEP STATE TERROR ATTACK AT SUPER BOWL 2018    
Watch: Super Bowl False Flag Imminent? Federal Sources Repo  Active Terror Threat » Alex Jones' Infowars:...…  
Armed Willetton man holds wife, son hostage in three-hour siege 
Super Bowl False Flag Terror Attack Imminent?    
Alex Jones | Super Bowl False Flag Imminent? Federal Sources Repo ...    
Gateway Pundit | BREAKING: Black Lives Matter and Antifa terrorists block...    
Wanted: The Scottish spymaster who masterminded Ulster's Di y War    
Wanted: The Scottish spy chief who masterminded Ulster's Di y War    
Video: RAW: Moscow conducts 'massive precision' strikes on militants who downed Russian jet in Syria…  
Zeitenwende Mauerfall    
Interventionistische Linke Berlin | Danke an über 3000 Menschen die mit uns...    
PKK/PYD terrorists use US TOW missiles against Turkish troops in Afrin    
The Truth Perspective: Interview with  DilyanaGaytandzhieva: ‌ Pentagon Biological Warfare And Arms...…  
Right-wing lawmakers praise cabinet vote to begin legalizing  WestBank outpost  HavatGilad  minister…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Turkey Warns US Troops In  No hern Syria May Be Targeted By Its Armed Forces  DeputyPrimeMinister...…  
SuperBowl LII false flag terror ale : Security detail changed at last minute, numerous other red flags...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
GITMO Gets Special   Gift   from Trump That Strikes Fear All The Way to The Middle East 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Cardi B Is Holding Her Future  SuperBowl Performance Hostage and It Has Everything to Do With Kaepernick…  
Palestinian convicted of ‘nationalistic’ murder of pregnant Israeli lover  MuhammadHarouf  MichalHalimi...…  
PA man admits murder of pregnant Jewish girlfriend was terrorism  MichalHalimi  MuhammadKharoff…  
Breitba   London | Father of 11-Year-Old Terror Victim  EbbaAkerlund to...  SwedishGovernment…  
NBC News |  Minneapolis has hosted the third highest number of...  FederalBureauofInvestigation  UnitedStates…  
Government unanimously approves recognition of Havat Gilad  RazielShevah  Netanyahu    
The Increasing Likelihood Of Nuclear War Should Straighten Out All Our Priorities    
‘Tantamount to a coup’:  Maldivesmilitary surround government buildings – repo s  president...…  
SinnFein's  GerryAdams backs  JeremyCorbyn to be PM  President  UnitedKingdom  PrimeMinister…  
Israelischer Held zur AfD:   Wo es Muslime gibt, können wir Gewalt und Terror erwa en.   
Fall Of Constantinople 1453 - Ottoman Wars DOCUMENTARY  RussellBreckenridge  ProductionMusic  Facebook...…  
Ohio: Muslim migrant who plotted jihad terror attack in  Texas asks for depo ation instead of prison -...…  
Islamic State attacker shows intersection of crime, terror  Paris  Brussels 
Paris trial sheds light on terrorists' effo s to hide after November 2015 attacks  attacksDrugdealer…  
Trump Administration Shows 15 Jihadis Who Got Visas by Lottery or Chain Migration - Geller Repo ...…  
Father of 11-Year-Old  TerrorVictim EbbaAkerlund to Sue The  SwedishGovernment  Stockholm    
Netanyahu: ' Israel says no to terror by approving a new settlement'    
The Increasing Likelihood Of Nuclear War Should Straighten Out All Our Priorities — Steemit...…  
Schoolgirl mum, 14, on harsh reality of being teen mother  ShannonHenderson 
It's when, not if:  Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack -  TimesofIndia 
Trump blunders with US terror listing of  Hamas  leader Haniyeh  USgovernment  UnitedStates  IsmailHaniyeh...…  
Turkey is attacking Afrin with jihadi terrorists    
SPIEGEL ONLINE | Es braucht keine Kritik an Erdogan mehr, um... 
Gordon eyes PH-made ships to boost territorial defense  RichardGordon    
It's when, not if:  Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attac 
Repo :  Hamas fears  Israel will launch war in coming days  southernIsrael  Gaza  IDF   jqlsfM  
The International Community Cannot Turn Its Back on the People of Afrin  Iraq  KurdishCommunitiesUnion...…  
A sad loner is jailed. But the real ‘terror threat’ is still roaming our streets - Mail Online -...…  
Chapter 3:  HIGH NOON Causes Removal Of Three Of Trump’s Enemies    
Türkisch-kurdischer Konflikt:   Eine ganze Generation radikalisie  sich   - SPIEGEL ONLINE - Politik…   
| As pa  of his effo s to stamp out...  DonaldTrump  President    
It's when, not if:  Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack 
6 Muslim terrorists arrested over attack of Israeli man who accidentally entered Abu Dis near  Jerusalem...…  
This  Historian Has Some Practical Advice in Case of a Nuclear Explosion  Hawaii    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Detained by  J&amp;KPolice: Bomber claim ‘hoax’: Girl handed over to mother, leaves for Pune silently -...…   
15:17 To  Paris   Train Hero Who Stopped Terror Attack Speaks  SpencerStone  AnthonySadler...…   
Wahdahu La  SharikaLahu | By Younus AlGohar  SoundCloud  TheTrueMehdiMagazine  HeraldMagazine...…  
Hamas  leader unfazed by placement on US terror list  IsmailHaniyeh  UnitedStates  Trumpadministration…  
Hamas calls Trump 'mentally ill' after US blacklists arch-terrorist  president  IsmailHaniyeh...…  
Former Counter-Terrorism Official  HurlsFightin’ Words At  President Trump! 
Former Counter-Terrorism Official  HurlsFightin’ Words At  President Trump! 
Arrested in  Kashmir for allegedly being a suicide bomber, silently handed over to her family...…   
Bomber claim ‘hoax’: Girl handed over to mother, leaves for Pune silently  JammuandKashmir...…   
Judicial Watch ???? on  Twitter  Director  FederalBureauofInvestigation  Mueller    
Turkish  President Erdogan Assures  EmmanuelMacron On  Syria Operation  Turkey  France  RecepTayyipErdogan...…  
E.C Culper????????????????????  ReleaseTheMemo on Twitter  FederalBureauofInvestigation  Trump  clubmight've…  
Bomber claim ‘hoax’: Girl handed over to mother, leaves for  Pune silently -  JammuandKashmir...…    
Man repo s father and brother as terrorists over family feud  SonnySmith    
Bomber claim ‘hoax’: Girl handed over to mother, leaves for Pune silently  JammuPune  JammuandKashmir...…   
Police Excessive Force Arrest of  BlackMan at Chicano Park Rally  Paypal  SanDiego    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Refugee Admissions From Terrorist Hotbeds Fell Over 80 Percent in Trump's First Year    
RAW:  Moscow conducts 'massive precision' strikes on militants who downed  Russian jet in  Syria   ...…  
Obama’s ‘cultural terrorism’ left trust deficit abroad   Obamaadministration  TonyPerkins  Slovakia...…  
Video Captures Cruise Missile Strike On Militants That Shot Down Russian Fighter Jet In  Syria…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Coalition Operations Continue to Remove  ISIS Leaders | American Military News  Syria  AbuAnasal-Furati...…  
White Supremacist Terrorist Threatens To Murder Me Over Our News Repo s  Instagram  Facebook  PhillipScott...…  
LA PE URBADORA HISTORIA de ESTA FOTO DE  INSTAGRAM  www.youtube.com/channel/UCTv_7SvGIG9ZdlI-EUqLl-w...…  
Proposals on counter-terrorism legislation approved    
Here Is What Nostradamus Predicted for 2018    
5 times Russian aircraft were destroyed during Syria anti-terrorist op    
Suicide bombing in no hwestern Pakistan kills 11 soldiers    
NPR | The man was told he was not welcome...    
'Personal Grievance' Prompts Oregon Man To Tell Airpo s Relatives Are Terrorists 
ConservativeByte | As pa  of his effo s to stamp out...    
Nigel Bromage – the former neo-Nazi fighting the far-right’s message of hate    
WATCH: Palestinian TV Teaches Kids to Idolize Terrorists    
Turkish army uses unconventional weapons against civilian settlements in  Afrin    
AS FITAS DE POUGHKEEPSIE    
MoD ‘in chaos’ over drone use outside of war zones  UnitedKingdom  warzonesDefencesecretary    
Bomber claim ‘hoax’: Girl handed over to mother, leaves for Pune silently   - Kashmir Glory  GNS...…   
Military veterans to march through  Newcastle in protest against terrorism    
VIDEO shows precision strike on militants that downed Russian jet in  Syria  westSyria...    
Suicide Bomber Kills at Least 11 at  PakistaniArmy base  Taliban    
Russian fighter jet shot down over  Syria, pilot killed | American Military News  RussianDefenseMinistry...…   
Largest Deployment of Federal Security In  SuperBowl History  FederalBureauofInvestigation...…  
Suicide bomber kills at least 11 soldiers in no hern  Pakistan  no hernPakistan    
At least 30 terrorists killed as  Russia responds to downing of  Su-25 fighter jet  newsnetwork  YouTube...…  
UmaThurman Finally Tells Her Weinstein Story, Which Is A Tale Of Terror &amp; Complicity  HarveyWeinstein…   
Muslim Group Freaks After Learning About  Trump's New  GuantanamoBayOrders  President    
Taliban suicide bomber kills Pakistani soldiers in Swat    
| “The Muslim world and its culture are very...  AfDpa y  RafiEitan  Europe…  
WhiteHouse ID’s 15 Muslim Terrorists Who Entered U.S. via Chain Migration, Visa Lottery Scams  UnitedStates…   
Russian missiles strike area of  Su-25 downing, killing at least 30 terrorists – MoD  Syria...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Inside a Gaza terror tunnel  tunnelIsrael  Israel    
Enviro Makes Ridiculous Claim Why Her Group Can’t Be Sued For Eco-Terrorism  attorney...    
THE MEMO REVEALS THE COUP AGAINST  AMERICA - Stories Room  ChrisVanHollen  DOJ  DanielGreenfield...…  
The Satoshi Revolution – Chapter 5: Privacy, Anonymity, and Pseudonymity (Pa  1) - Bitcoin News  MikeRozeff…   
FEDERAL LAWSUIT Names Obama, Holder, Sharpton, Farrakhan, BLM Leaders for “INCITING VIOLENCE” Against Police…   
What  WeCan Learn About Mainstream Media Radicalisation From The Finsbury Attack  mainstreammediahelps…  
UK: Muslim teen leaves flyers and CD's in two of  London's biggest hospitals, calling for jihad terror...…   
No h Bengal in crosshairs, Jamaat regroups under new chief -  TimesofIndia  WestBengal... 
Trump's Nuclear Posture Review: From US Nuke Capabilities to Nuclear Terrorism  TheNuclearPostureReview...…  
Myanmar denies claims of mass graves in Rakhine    
Myanmargovernment denies AP repo  of Rohingya mass graves  TheAssociatedPress  Myanmar&amp;rsquo;sgovernment…  
Bund wirbt Berliner Anti-Terror-Fahnder ab    
'Fundamentally Wrong' to Call Terrorism 'Islamist', Claims Govt Terror Watchdog 
Breitba   London | ‘Fundamentally Wrong’ to Call Terrorism ‘Islamist’, Claims Politically...…   
Coronation Street spoilers: Has Phelan's exit been revealed?    
Spending on security to be 'very major' Budget item  Singapore    
Trump's 'Aggressive Policy' Will Bring More Fighting to  Afghanistan - Scholar  analyst  Taliban…  
LAST Q DROP 2 02 2018  AdamSchiff involved in something Much worse than we can imagine.  LisaHaven  America...…  
Arrested terrorists 'got visas from  PakistanHighCommissioninDelhi' - Times of India  timesofindia...…  
Extradition request for Turkish terror suspect refused | Kathimerini  Turkey  Greece  Athens...…  
NBC News |  Minneapolis has hosted the third highest number of...  UnitedStates  FederalBureauofInvestigation…  
Lügenpresse |   Niedersachsen will seine Polizisten mit größeren Befugnissen im... 
Smiling schoolboy beams with pride as he receives his prize from a  teacher – an AK47 assault rifle - amid...…  
IDF raids house near Jenin in search of  terrorcellleader  AhmadNassrJarrar    
Niedersachsen: Polizei will Gefährdern Fußfesseln verpassen - WELT    
China In Talks Over Military Base In Remote  Afghanistan  Kabul  Beijing    
Pakistan Expresses Concern After  WhiteHouse Comment on Safe Havens  President  SouthAsia  Afghanistan  Trump…  
Bomb hoax delays  SingaporeAirlines flight from  Taipei  Taiwan  SIAspokesperson  SingaporeChangiAirpo ...…  
Google caught sponsoring symposium for ‘Islamist anti-Semites’   StevenEmerson  YouTube    
More than $400,000 raised for ' HouseofHorrors' children  California  Perris  LouiseTurpin  DavidTurpin…   
Stop using term ‘Islamist terrorism’ – government watchdog —   UKNews  UnitedKingdom    
Refinery29 | This pirate and hostage scene is out of...  Caribbean    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Airgun sales soar in  Germany amid terror and migrant crime fears    
Experience Some Old World Terror With Our Tour Of Haunted  Europe    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Man who mowed down worshippers jailed for 43 years | Sky News Australia  London  MakramAli  DarrenOsborne...…  
US warns countries against aiding terrorists eyeing nuclear weapons - Times of India  UnitedStates...…  
WILL ISRAEL USE A NUCLEAR WEAPON? TALPIOT - A PRIMER  Iraq  hightechnologysector...    
Deep State Squeal In Terror As FISA Memo Day Makes History hSUpUe6I
The US Doesn't Negotiate With Terrorists, But Apparently  Facebook Does  TheTelegraph... 
Thanks to Republican negligence,  Medicare patients could face huge new bills for therapy 
Former  U.S.Attorneyandfederalterrorismprosecutor discuss memo and it's bad!  UnitedStates    
Former  U.S.Attorneyandfederalterrorismprosecutor discuss memo and it's bad!  UnitedStates    
AlexJones | BREAKING,  Intel. Insider: Terrorists Planning Attacks On  SuperBowl To Embarrass Trump 
Por  ESTARAZON, los GRINGOS y TRUMP le tienen TERROR a AMLO  www.youtube.com/lasbaldo... 
Israeli jets strike  Hamas targets in  Gaza after rocket launch    
TheGrio |  Black activist groups being labeled as terrorists is nothing new! We keep doing the work anyway....…  
WATCH: Walking Dead Midseason Premiere Trailer Promises to Finish the Fight  RickGrimes    
Taking aim at  Iran, US hits Hezbollah with new sanctions  WASHINGTON  UnitedStates  Hizballah...…   
UK fascists modelled on jihadis are prepared to kill, say campaigners  UnitedKingdom  NationalAction…   
FBI Issues Fierce Response After Release Of Nunes Memo, Says Agency Will Not Let 'Pa isan Politics'...…   
Angela Merkel declares “Islam is not the source of terrorism” but the Christians who make Islamists feel...…  
US sanctions target Hezbollah's financial network    
Trumper Says GOP Train Collision With Garbage Truck Was A 'False Flag Terror Event'    
‘US, Turkish forces invading no hern Syria are replacing their terrorists’ – Syrian diplomat…   
CONSPIRACY TO GET TRUMP | FISAGATE NUNES MEMO RELEASED | FALSE INTEL FBI/DOJ/CLINTON USED 4 SPYING…  
UK: Govt’s “terror watchdog”: “Fundamentally wrong to attach the word terrorism to any of the world...…  
Finsbury Park terror attacker who mowed down worshippers is jailed for 43 years    
Letter from a PM ties Pakistan to J&amp;K terror: NIA - Times of India    
Super Bowl city was home to dozens of ISIS, other terror suspects 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Gaza terrorists fire rocket at southern Israel    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
US sanctions 6 people, 7 firms under rules targeting Hezbollah 
Darren Osborne: Why didn’t the Home Office act on far-right extremism sooner?    
¡Top 10 Mue es PE URBADORAS de Saw!    
Nipplegate Revisited: How Justin Timberlake’s Previous Super Bowl Performance Rocked the World and Changed...…  
Breaking: 43,000 Tawergha People Returning Home Trapped by US-Backed Terrorists in Libya -- 
The Times of Israel | BREAKING: Taking aim at Iran’s global footprint, the... 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
FBI Agents Assoc. on Twitter    
Must Watch!!! To All Canadian Military Veterans And Families    
Soziologie  - Die diffusen Ängste der Deutschen    
ZeldaInformer | Link now knows the terror of the blue...   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
How Finsbury Park terror attacker became 'obsessed' with Muslims  generalmanager  AdamRoach  Pontypridd...…  
Greece: Afghan refugee, who asked for protection, arrested for possessing detonators and  gascanisters...…   
IDF upgrades capabilities of counter terror units  Hamas  Counte errorSchool  Hizballah    
French Intelligence Agencies Knew of Islamic Radical Who Beheaded Priest, But Did Not Act  priest…   
Centre of  Taliban terrorism is in  Pakistan: Afghan  President  AshrafGhani - Times of India  timesofindia...…  
U.S. to resume refugee admissions from 11 mostly Muslim, ‘high-risk’ countries  Mali  Yemen  Syria...…   
Man sentenced to life for attack near  London's Finsbury Park Mosque    
Afghan  President slams  Pakistan for harboring  Taliban  AshrafGhani    
Rogers: Memo will prove Trump was targeted  FederalBureauofInvestigation    
Stop using term ‘Islamist terrorism’ – government watchdog  MaxHill  UnitedKingdom    
Man who drove van into Muslims in Finsbury Park jailed for 43 years  DarrenOsborne  MakramAli…  
DarrenOsborne jailed for life for killing man in Finsbury Park terror attack    
The Finsbury Park terror attacker, who rammed a van into a crowd outside a London mosque, has been...…   
Republic | The US has made it clear that it expects  Islamabad to take action against terrorists in...…  
Palestinians: Arbitrary Arrests, Administrative Detentions and World Silence  Israel  PalestinianAuthority...…   
Israel strikes  Hamas position after rocket fired from  Gaza  IDF    
USEmbassy in  Kosovo Shows Suppo  for Terrorism  FSA  Facebook  USEmbassyinKosovo  UnitedStates…  
Moros oppose new  AFPcamp in Marawi  MarawiCity    
Brits will be banned from travelling to terror hot-spots    
Fearless SAS hero who was left homeless and skint finally moves into new house    
Chief German  spy says returning  ISIS families pose 'massive danger'  Germany  Hans-GeorgMaassen…  
BBC News Kicks Israel in the Face  Knesset  disgraced,provocativepolitician  OrenHazan  JeremyBowen…   
Trump Admin Designates  Hamas  Leader  IsmailHaniyeh as a “Terrorist”  Israel...    
US wants  Pakistan to act against terrorist sanctuaries: Official - Republic World  diplomat  Islamabad...…  
Republic | The US has made it clear that it...  Pakistan  Islamabad  diplomat  UnitedStates    
CNNInternational | Trump and Turnbull will meet to discuss a...    
18 injured as burning van jumps curb in  China; government rules out terrorism  driver  Starbucks  Shanghai…  
Black-clad nationalist squad blocks Ukrainian city council to ‘help’ MPs adopt budget (VIDEO)...…  
????LIVE: Possible Van Attack in  Shanghai,  China - LIVE BREAKING NEWS COVERAGE  Starbucks  Facebook...…   
The Good Things  President  TrumpHasAccomplished -- Colin's Last Stand (Episode 62)  FredericMuller...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
C.I.A.  Director Defends Meeting With  Russian  Spy Chiefs  ChiefsMikePompeo    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Faces of Rohingya Muslims half-buried in mass graves burned by acid or blasted by bullets |  TorontoStar...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Hero imam protected Osborne so he would 'answer for his crime'  MohammedMahmoud  DarrenOsborne...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
EXCLUSIVE: Terrorists Planning To Attack  SuperBowl To Embarrass Trump  mediaoperation  socialmedia  :Web...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   JU3Jb4AH 
U.S. airstrikes against  Yemen terror groups grew sixfold under Trump  ISIS  UnitedStates  ISIS  al-Qaeda...…  
CIA's Pompeo Defends Meeting With Sanctioned  Russian  SpyChief  director  U.S.  RussianembassyinWashington...…  
Maldives releases opposition politicians  president  MohamedNasheed    
SAS hero of 1980 Iranian Embassy siege gets a house... thanks to Sun readers    
Video Viral: Conocé la triste verdad del perro que baila   Scooby Doo PaPa   
The Fosters Video: Transgender Aaron Faces 'Traumatizing' Dangers in Jail    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Finsbury Park attacker 'should have been tried as a terrorist'    
Gaza terrorists fire rocket at Israel    
Don’t refer to ‘Islamist terrorism’, says watchdog 
State Depa ment Bombshell: Groups Designated “Terror” As Obama And Clinton Suppo  Removed    
Obama, Holder, Sharpton, Farrakhan, BLM Leaders Named in FEDERAL LAWSUIT for “INCITING VIOLENCE” Against...…   
Coronation Street villain Pat Phelan's reign of terror set to come to an end    
Anti-Muslim rhetoric had 'major role' in radicalising Darren Osborne    
WATCH: The Moment of Trump’s Speech that Brought the Entire Country to Tears – The Trump Times…  
Repo s: Israel bombed Islamic State positions in southern Syria    
Disneyland Paris organisee  themafeest voor Tower of Terror-fans    
Sky News | Darren Osborne found guilty of murder and attempted...    
Video Viral: Terror en Argentina por supuestos sonidos apocalípticos    
Threat of jihadi children coming to Britain 'to commit atrocities'    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Atlanta Defies U.S. Law, Obama Backed Terror Front Group Uses Bully Tactics In Prison Takeover…   
Development of Nazi to ure centre into flats sparks fury in Germany    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Far-LeftUKGroup's 'Alt Right' Film Funders Linked to  Terror-LinkedMosque,  BBC, Hard-Line LGBT Activists...…   
Hamas terror  leader dies after shooting himself in face... IN THE FACE!  Oneofthefoundingmembers…  
Finsbury Park Terror Trial: Father of four guilty of carrying out murderous attack on Muslims  Cardiff  BBC…  
BREAKING: Man who drove into Muslim worshippers at  FinsburyMosque found guilty of murder  DarrenOsborne…  
Finsbury Park mosque terror attacker found guilty of murder  DarrenOsborne    
SOTU: Democrats Hated It, Republicans Loved It, But 1 Group Shocked Everyone  Trump  NancyPelosi  President…   
CNNPhilippines |  PhilippineNationalPolice (PNP)  ChiefDirectorGeneral  Ronald...    
Finsbury Park terror attack: 'Brainwashed' killer had online links to far right  EnglishDefenceLeague...…  
Finsbury Park terror trial: Darren Osborne guilty of murder and attempted murder    
‘So many bodies’: Mass graves found in  Myanmar amid Rohingya crisis, AP repo s  Myanmargovernment…   
Proud to be an American | This female suicide bomber was getting ready to...    
ISISExecutioner Getting Ready To Kill Hostages With  Flamethrower Gets Biggest Shock Of His Life…  
Is a slap an act of terror?,  BBC News at Ten -  BBC News 
Disabled people’s response to PIP review: STARK TERROR    
Supreme Headqua ers Allied Powers Europe (SHAPE) | Countering terrorism and identifying enemies at sea...…  
SarahSanders Did Something To  NancyPelosi Will Be Forever Known As A Day Pelosi’s Reign Of Terror...…  
BBC News | Was a Palestinian teenager’s ‘slap’ an act of...  AhedTamimi    
America's Freedom Fighters | An expe   executioner for  ISIS was preparing to...    
Returning jihadis: Government admits hundreds are back in UK, ‘no longer of national security concern’...…   
Turkey 'reverses release' of  Amnesty head  Istanbul  TanerKilic    
Trump's State of the Union pitch on immigration leaves Democrats cold, and pa ies far apa   President…   
Bisexual ‘neo-Nazi’ terrorism suspect accused of plotting machete attack on LGBT Pride event —   UKNews…  
Bisexual ‘neo-Nazi’ terrorism suspect accused of plotting machete attack on LGBT Pride event  Germany…  
Army sends  Ecijabattalion to Mindanao  56thInfantryBattalion  7thInfantryDivision  PhilippineArmy…  
CNNPhilippines | AFP said they have repo s of more rebels...    
‘Crooked idea’:  Ankara lashes out at  France’s Macron over ‘ Syria invasion’ remark  Turkey  President...…  
Dela Rosa: We prioritize bomb-sniffing dogs over body cams due to terror threats  policechief…  
CNNPhilippines |  PNPChief  Dir. Gen.  Ronald dela Rosa said...  General    
Was Palestinian teenager’s ‘slap’ terrorism?  AhedTamimi    
Gutierrez Willing to Strike DACA Deal That Leaves Out 'Chain Migration,' Visa Lottery Kills...…   
Random Steam Key  WorldMountains  SafeguardGarrison    
TRUMP State Of The Union 1/30/18 | QANON connection  America  AntiSchool...    
Poll: Should Neo-Nazi Hate Groups Be Classified As Terrorists?  onlinepoll    
What Sarah Sanders Just Did Nancy Pelosi Will Be Forever Known As Day Pelosi’s Reign Of Terror Officially...…  
Beating the khaki drum: how Australian identity was militarised | Paul Daley    
Alejano to Dute e: Don't be crass on allowing China to secure  Sulu, Celebes Seas  Celebessea  Sulusea…   
Trump signs order to keep infamous Guantanamo prison open  UnitedStates  GuantanamoBay  President...…  
Fencer who survived 1972  Munich massacre passes away  cancer  DanAlon    
Mom  SecretlyWrites Note that She's Being Held Hostage, Sends with Daughter to School 
New bill would make  Australia worst in the free world for criminalising journalism    
Was Palestinian teenager’s ‘slap’ terrorism?  AhedTamimi    
CNNPhilippines | The AFP said 2018 could be its   breakthrough... 
Homeland Security Releases Numbers on Terrorists in US -- This is NOT  Good!  Secretary  TheWashingtonTimes...…  
Trump painted a dark picture of immigrants, despite the facts  President 
Sen.  JamesInhofe:  Trump keeps Guantanamo open and keeps  America safe  President    
Being Liberal | (W)  DonaldJ.Trump has made his belief...   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
OlegSentsov and two other Kremlin hostages receive Sakharov Award for Courage - Human Rights in  Ukraine...…  
PH to back US fight against terror if interests coincide    
| Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana on Wednesday said the...    
Hamas terror leader dies after accidentally shooting himself in face | American Military News…  
Gateway Pundit | Antifa terrorists and Black Lives Matter vow to...    
Presidential Proclamation Enhancing Vetting Capabilities and Processes for Detecting Attempted Entry Into...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Facebook Pushes 'False Flag' Amtrak Conspiracies in Trending Section    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
How the U.S. is using terrorists' sma phones and laptops to defeat them    
TMZ | The radio DJ who allegedly grabbed Taylor Swift's...    
Made in the USA: The Real History of the MS-13 Gang Trump Talked About in State of the Union    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Hamas: US decision on Ismail Haniya 'will not deter us'    
FINAL DESTINATION 2 Is Unironically Great After 15 Years | Nerdist    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
BOMBSHELL! They’re Calling For Obama’s IMMEDIATE Arrest – He Was Just BUSTED Overnight!    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Mujer que practica brujería causa terror en zona montañosa de Colombia (VIDEO)    
US puts Hamas chief Haniyeh on terror blacklist    
Justice is served: Terror group Hamas co-founder dies after accidentally shooting himself - Geller Repo …  
Pfizer, Johnson &amp; Johnson, General Electric &amp; More Accused of Funding Terrorism in Iraq 
US adds Hamas leader to list of global terrorists    
Republic | WATCH: The Afghan envoy to India has squarely...    
Hamas leader Ismail Haniya added to US 'terror list'    
U.S. classifies Hamas chief Ismail Haniyeh as specially designated terror    
Two sentenced to death in  Bahrain's mass trial    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Hamas  co-founder dies after accidentally shooting himself in face, militant group says... 
| 'When US says it is waging war on...  Afghanistan    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trump Just Signed an Executive Order to Keep Guantanamo Bay Open  President    
Hundreds of  ISIS Fighters Heading Back to  Belgium, Media Repo s Claim  head  EuropeanUnion…   
NewsThump | Airline that allowed five terrorists to board a...    
Airline that allowed five terrorists to board a plane turns away emotional suppo  peacock  UnitedAirlines…  
Watch: Trump Issues Orders to Misbehaving Dems During SOTU  America    
Ventanilla: Conviviente de hombre enterrado en azotea de ‘casa del terror’ se hace humo    
Military.com |   Terrorists are not merely criminals. They are unlawful... 
Dute e to Maranaos: ‘Reject terrorism’ | Dute eNews  RodrigoRoaDute e  President    
Trump SOTU address reminder: “NYC terrorists entered U.S. through chain migration, visa lottery”  UnitedStates…   
AFP repo s over 300 rebel surrenderees in January    
Så lurade DN Sverige: Avfärdade Akilovs ISIS-chatt som påhitt från parodikonto    
Roundup: Trump underlines battling terrorism, ensuring foreign aid only for  America's friends, in State of...…   
Trump changes tune on defence  DonaldTrump  Russia    
StephenColbe  briefly annotates Trump's long State of the Union address  Pue oRico  PeterWeber...…  
An AFP 'breakthrough': 310 NPA,  AbuSayyaf members surrender in January  NewPeople'sArmy 
|   If our effo s against terrorists coincide, well and...  DNDSecretary  DelfinLorenzana…   s1i8LUbg 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
DonaldTrump booed in his first State of the Union after hitting out at 'chain migration'  America  President…  
Republic |  Pakistan's politico-terror line blurs again    
Feinstein on State of the Union Speech  President  Paris  Iran  Washington  Twitter  Guantanamoprison...…  
DonaldTrump stretches the number of released terrorists  President    
Being Liberal | (S) Trump has made his belief that a...    
The Daily Beast | “Tonight we heard so many stories about MS-13...  Fox&amp;Friends    
RedState |   Terrorists are not merely criminals...   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Fox News |   In recent weeks, two terrorist attacks in New...  NewYork  foxnews 
Trump condemns MS-13 four times in  StateoftheUnion, silent on rioting neo-Nazis 
'Nine lives of crime': Cat burglar's two-year neighbourhood reign of terror    
Finsbury Park terror suspect ‘only targeted mosque after planned attack on  JeremyCorbyn failed’ —...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trump, Revoking 2009 Order, Moves To Keep Guantanamo Bay Open Indefinitely  DonaldTrump  President  Cuba…   
TERROR IN PENNSYLVANIA - Media Won't Repo  on This    
CNN Politics | “I am asking  Congress to ensure that in...  ISIS  ISIS  al-Qaeda    
Fact-Check: Yes, NYC Terrorists Entered U.S. Through Chain Migration, Visa Lottery -  Breitba   NewYork...…   
President  Trump's First SOTU Address: 7 Super Awkward Moments    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
PolitiFact on  Twitter    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Obama Busted For Allowing KNOWN PEDOPHILES Unbelievable Access Inside Our Government ⋆    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Trump Administration Allowed a Sanctioned Russian  SpyChief to Meet With Intelligence Officials in the...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Presidential Executive Order on Protecting  America Through Lawful Detention of Terrorists...…  
Trump signs executive order to keep  GuantanamoBayprison open  GuantanamoBay    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
PTV |  President  RodrigoRoaDute e on Tuesday, January 30,... 
Dute e distributes transition shelters to Marawi residents  President  RodrigoDute e  MarawiCity…  
SuperBowl ad for  JohnKrasinski's  JackRyan series feels like it's from a different era  UnitedStates...…  
ESTO PASARÍA SI HOY FUERA LA TERCERA...  www.youtube.com/channel/UCoDA5yvkD16nTXaCxgowbbw...    
NIA reveals Pak’s ties with Hurriyat, terror outfits - Times of India  Pakistan  TimesofIndiaIndia…   
Gateway Pundit | NOT ONE Senate Democrat has condemned Antifa terrorism...    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Philadelphia jihad car attack:   Police don't believe incident was a case of domestic terrorism   - Geller...…   
Every Senate Democrat Has Refused to Condemn Terrorism by Group DNC Deputy Chair Promoted    
Every Senate Democrat Has Refused to Condemn Terrorism by Group DNC Deputy Chair Promoted    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Christian College Opens America’s FIRST Anti-Terrorist, On-Campus Shooting Range 
The Hill | BREAKING: Sergey Naryshkin, the director of Russia's foreign... 
Khalil Lawal: Muslim terrorist ID'd in Philadelphia car terror attack and police assault - Geller Repo …  
Russian intelligence chief visits US to discuss war on terror — ambassador    
Russia’s Sanctioned Spy Chief Repo edly Met CIA Director in the U.S.    
Saudi Cleric: 'Holocaust denial a crime that disto s history’    
Renowned Professor Says Human-Chimp Hybrid Was Born in Florida Lab Then Killed by Terror-Stricken...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
IGNEA — Şeytanu Akbar (Live Experience Video | BUMA 2017)    
Hereditary Trailer  1 (2018) | Movieclips Trailers    
IDF chief warns of possible calm before storm on no hern frontier    
U.S. News &amp; World Repo  Uses Apparent Image Of Sikh Man For Terrorism Story    
Saving the Whole Family: Disaster Prep and Your Pets    
The IDF has a new plan to battle Palestinian terrorism in Jerusalem    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
HEZBOLLAH  WARNS JEWISH STATE THAT THE TERROR GROUP CAN DESTROY THE ISRAELI ARMY    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Finsbury Park terror suspect ‘only targeted mosque after planned attack on Jeremy Corbyn failed’…  
Danish government: Muslims are violent and commit terror - Geller Repo 
Finsbury Park Terror Attacker failed in bid to assassinate  JeremyCorbyn hours before mosque attack, cou ...…   
PressTV-‘US relocating Daesh to Afghanistan to justify presence’    
JuliaRobe s To  CelineDion: “You’re Wrong Celine The U.S Was Destroyed By Obama And Muslim Terrorists and...…  
Palestinians burn effigies of Trump and Pence in Bethlehem  Israel  UnitedStates    
Europol and  Interpol to Increase Measures Against BTC Laundering and Terrorism Financing  Switzerland…  
Finsbury Park terror suspect only targeted mosque after planned attack on  JeremyCorbyn failed, cou  hears...…   
Venezuelans Are So Hungry 'They Have to Loot to Eat'    
Top US  General  GoesRogue - Rocks the Nation With BRUTAL MESSAGE  WhiteHouse  ISIS  DonaldTrump  president...…  
SkyNews | The homeless   hero   of the  Manchester terror attack... 
A Quiet Place:  JohnKrasinski Discusses Directing Silent Terror,  PlusExclusivePhotoGallery - IGN First -...…   
This video of the  Iraqiarmy disarming a 7 year old suicide bomber will shake you to the core…  
IGN |  JohnKrasinski tells us about directing silent terror...    
The War That Never Ends (for the  U.S.MilitaryHighCommand) – Conso iumnews  UnitedStates    
Manchester 'hero'  ChrisParker jailed for stealing from terror victims    
Era uma vez a dama do terror – Revista Bravo! – Medium    
Gov't to build P400-million military camp in Marawi    
Czech citizens are arming themselves over fears of massive Muslim refugee violence throughout Europe...…  
Akilov borde aldrig ha varit här    
Manchester bombing 'hero' sent cruel text to injured teen's mum on stolen phone  ChrisParker…  
Den største trusselen mot Norge er ikke lenger terror    
Sydney plot revealed safety holes  official  UnitedStates    
TheJerusalemPost /   m | Zionism = Nazism = fascism. USA =  ISIS...  UnitedStates…  
Amnesty workers tried as terrorists? This is the repressive new  Turkey |  KateAllen  director...…  
DOJ files raps against  ISIS-linked doctor Russell Salic  UnitedStates  RussellLangiSalic...…  
| The  Depa mentofJustice filed multiple counts of...  UnitedStates  RussellSalic…  
Police feared terror attack in  BrisbaneHQ ram  Queensland  truckdriver  Brisbaneheadqua ers…  
Be AWARE | Fears over terror and migration lead to increase...  Europe    
Trotz Beweise: Bundesanwaltschaft stellte 564 Verfahren gegen Islamisten ein    
Yemen: At least 11 killed in a suicide car bomb  Ataq    
Trotz Beweisen: Bundesanwaltschaft stellte 564 Verfahren gegen Islamisten ein    
IDF reorganizes security in  Jerusalem area to combat terrorism  ShinBet  tackle    
VICE News | The Kremlin might’ve kept a cool cover in...  Navalnysheadqua ers  powe ools    
Tiltalte etter Stockholm-terror: Tilbød seg å utføre terror for IS – drepte fem og skadet 130 med lastebil…  
Republic | 'Quislings, sympathisers of terror outfits chase friendship over...  PrimeMinister  NarendraModi…   
Wife of ex-FBI agent who disappeared in  Iran to attend State of the Union address...    
Suicide attack kills at least 11 at  Yemen military checkpoint: officia  UnitedArabEmirates...…  
Paris A ists Dismiss  JeffKoons Terror Attack Memorial as   Product Placement   254659 
How 'Dunkirk' Staged a Sunken Ship on  WarnerBros.' Burbank Lot  LotCapturing    
Maute-linked doctor charged for abduction, beheading in Lanao  NewYork 
Aviation security top cop says to clamp down on crimes at airpo s  PhilippineNationalPolice...…  
VIDEO: Captan tenebroso sonido en túnel abandonado    
INQUIRER.net | A doctor being linked to the Maute terrorist...  NewYork    
Zero Hedge |  Army Major: Wrong On 'Nam, Wrong On Terror //   
ArmyMajor: Wrong On 'Nam, Wrong On Terror 
CBSNews | An ambulance was used in an attack in...  Kabul    
Somali Mosque Is 'A Few Steps Away' From  SuperBowl Stadium  ISIS  Mogadishu  FromSuperBowlStadium…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Refugees from 11 ‘high-risk’ countries to face tougher US anti-terrorist screening  UnitedStates  Washington…  
We don't want any talks with  Taliban:  President Trump  DonaldTrump  Kabul  rfe/rl  UNSecurityCouncil...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Refugees from 11 ‘high-risk’ countries to face tougher US anti-terrorist screening —   USNews...…  
Poe laments country ‘hostage of fake info’ as Senate hearing on fake news resumes    
7 ANIMALES en PROBLEMAS que PIDIERON AYUDA a LOS HUMANOS  DALECLIC...    
Lifegoeson near U amid marathon police standoff  GraduateHotel    
Trump’s  travelban is still illegal. The  SupremeCou  should slap it down  lawbansdiscrimination…  
DailyMail | The sensitive information could aid terrorists    
'We don't want any talks with the  Taliban,' says US  President  DonaldTrump after series of attacks in...…   
Liberal  Comedian Thrills And Enrages Audience As “Agree” With  PresidentTrump,  Gestapo, Terrorism Shocks…   
CNNPhilippines | Extremism and terrorism are among the problems hounding...   VPHu  
¡ALE A MUNDIAL POR FALTA DE AGUA!   ESTAES LA PRIMERA GRAN CIUDAD que SE VA a QUEDAR SECA...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Wake Up,  Singapore | Ong Ye Kung compares fake news to terrorism.... 
The War That Never Ends for the  USMilitaryHighCommand -- and It's not the War on Terror  UnitedStates…  
Video: Fitness tracker map compromises US military bases &amp; patrol routes  UnitedStates    
BREAKING: Calls For All Mosques To Be Shut Down After FBI Agent Reveals Terrifying Thing They ALL Have...…  
Submergence - Official Trailer - In Cinemas May 18  JamesMcAvoy...    
'House of horror' siblings need to see their parents for closure: kidnap survivor  UnitedStates…  
Expe s warn terrorists could use ambulances in future deadly attacks  Kabul    
Fox News helps Trump administration in a misleading effo  to blame immigrants for terrorism    
DHS says terrorists are likely flooding across the border - Personal Libe y®    
Las palabras que un patrullero usó para persuadir a un hombre de no arrojarse al vacío en Medellín |...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Fox News | The military defeat of ISIS could be just...    
Terror in Philadelphia: Driver DELIBERATELY mows down pedestrians, attacks cop, gets shot - Geller Repo …   
BITCOIN E BLOCKCHAIN! ENTENDA COMO FUNCIONA EM MENOS DE 5 MINUTOS!    
SNOWFLAKE’S LAMENT: “A man selling Donald Trump buttons in NYC made me feel very unsafe and the white...…  
'Lion of London Bridge' spared jail for racist rant at Labour MP's office    
Two Israeli officers involved in Lebanon car bomb attack against Hamas official    
‘I’m just flabbergasted.’ Lawyers say FBI coerced terror defendant to falsely confess    
BREAKING: Car mows down pedestrian in Philadelphia - police open fire    
Top 10: “Hijab Hoax” protest in Montreal    
Minnesota dressing room stabbing was act of terror, says suspect 
Arutz Sheva - Israel National News | Minnesota dressing room stabbing was act of terror,... 
Israeli legislator decries 'construction terror' by Palestinians in West Bank    
Woman escapes hostage incident in Brandon, Man. 
Coronation Street LEGEND set to make soap comeback…and take down Pat Phelan?    
The War That Never Ends (for the U.S. Military High Command)    
Despite intense firefights, Afghan war vet would do it again | American Military News 
Military defeat of ISIS can be 'measured in weeks,' top US general says — Fox News 
Trump-Hating NY Mayor Just Caught In Disgusting Illegal Act That Could Cost Him His Mayor Seat ⋆…  
China says 'terror' risks in Xinjiang remains serious - Times of India    
When Russian Officials ‘Nightmare’ Your Business, You Can Lose Everything—Even Your Life — Bloomberg…   
Brooke Goldstein Absolutely Destroys Every Person Blaming Israel For Muslim Terror    
Seven potential terrorists a day try to enter the U.S.: DHS chief    
PEGIDA |  PEGIDA
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Previewing Donald Trump's State of the Union address    
Trump spends 427 words defending and lying about his racist tweets, not apologizing 
Watchdog Group Produces Bombshell FBI Files Connecting Robe  Mueller to a 9/11 Scandal   Cg8  
11 INCREÍBLES FENÓMENOS ASTRONÓMICOS del 2018    
Civil-Rights Groups Slam DOJ-DHS Immigration Repo  for ‘Errors’    
The Daily Beast | Democracy Forward and Muslim Advocates have written to...    
Opinion | Are we hostage to the stock market?    
Military defeat of ISIS can be 'measured in weeks,' top US general says 
The Sun |   His eyes were still wide open from terror.  ... 
Todo dia um filme de terror: semana 2 – Fright like a Girl – Medium    
Muslim US soldier   obsessed   with bloody jihad videos, watched them for hours daily, laughed and insulted...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Bomb Threats Target 25  Moscow Buildings, Force Evacuations Of Parliament, Stock Exchange  Russia…   
'Lion of  LondonBridge' spared jail for a racist rant  RoyLarner  londonbridge    
Man accused in terror plot asked for depo ation over prison  judge  Texas    
LabourMPs Instructed to Vote Against Banning Hezbollah Terror Group  Israel  Netherlands  ArabLeague...…  
Terrorism and 'fake news' key security threats the world faces:  OngYeKung  France  KoreanPeninsula...…  
Hezbollah  official warns terror group can destroy  Israeliarmy  Jerusalem  Hizballah    
‘With or without Trump,  Pakistan is doing its job of fighting terrorism’  ShahidKhaqanAbbasi  UnitedStates...…   
Jagrati Shukla on  Twitter    
Misleading Tales of Terror about Tether    
Terror Victims Launch New Group To Fight Extremism    
Nur in Deutschland erhältlich: Freiheit für Islamterroristen!    
Kabul Faults  Pakistan For Terror;  AfghansBlameGovernment  centralKabul    
The bureaucracy of evil: how Islamic State ran a city  Isis  Mosul  electricitysma meters    
Dute e order: Indonesian,  Malay troops free to enter PH  President  RodrigoDute e  Philippines  PHDAVAOCITY…   
SkyNews | More than a dozen survivors and family members...    
Maga Updat: 1.28.18 - FBI Coup, Fisa Memo COMING!, Fake News and False Flag HIGH ALE   Mailchimp  Amazon...…   
’15:17 to  Paris’ heroes who stopped bloody terror attack give credit to God   Ayoubel-Khazzani’smission...…  
Greenblatt tours Gaza border tunnel, slams  Hamas  US  envoy  Israel  UnitedStates 
Blood Oil: More Than Half of the Oil Traded Across the Globe Has Been Stolen  oil    
Pilipinas Trends | BREAKING NEWS: INDIA NAG BABALA  KAYPRES:  DUTE ESA BANTANG PAG- ATAKENG ISISSA KANYA...…  
Ferdinand  EmmanuelEdralinMarcos | BREAKING NEWS: INDIA NAG BABALA  KAYPRES:  DUTE ESA BANTANG PAG-ATAKE...…  
Dute e News Trend | BREAKING NEWS: INDIA NAG BABALA  KAYPRES:  DUTE ESA BANTANG PAG- ATAKENG ISISSA KANYA...…  
TheTimes of  Israel |  US peace  envoy blasts terror group for dive ing...  peaceenvoyblaststerror...…  
Hezbollah Has Destroyed the  Lebanon I Once Knew  Hizballah    
HillaryClinton Gave $800K to Antifa Terror Group | The Black Sphere with  KevinJackson |...    
Terror accused to be charged after refusing to stand in cou   policeaccountant  Cu isCheng  cou ASydney…  
Today Show |  EricChurch,  MarenMorris and Brothers Osborne honored... 
TheNewYorkTimes | Why attack a hotel? Why turn an ambulance...  Taliban    
7 COSAS que TODOS LOS FANÁTICOS de DRAGON BALL QUISIÉRAMOS TENER YA!...    
There's a Pretty Good Chance  DonaldTrump Will Sta  World War III From His Bed   UnitedStates  Fury...…  
Czech  President Wins Second Term in Boon to Euroskeptic Forces  EuroskepticForcesCzech  Russia...…  
ISIS, other jihadists increase Bitcoin use after fall of Caliphate QuoU 
DavaoCity lockdown planned for antiterror drills    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
IDF warns Lebanese that Iran is turning their country into a ‘missile factory’    
US military bases &amp; patrol routes compromised by fitness tracker map  UnitedStates    
Hostages return from  Iran, 1981 
StarsandStripes | ARCHIVE PHOTO OF THE DAY | Rhein-Main Air...  Iran  RuhollahKhomeini  Rhein-MainAirBase...…  
Watch The Juggernaut's On-Screen Growth From Silent Menace To Absolute Terror     
No More War Movies: Leftists Angry Post-9/11 Movie '12 Strong' Promotes 'Toxic Masculinity'    
| Authorities were planning to simulate their response to...    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Iran spends billions on weapons programs, terrorism while ignoring Iranians' basic needs, repo  finds…   
Female Kurdish Fighter Kills Turkish Troops in Likely Suicide Bombing in Syria    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trump envoy 'deeply angered by Hamas terrorism'    
POLITICO | Analysis: Terrorism by foreign-born individuals is rarer than...    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
| Erdogan: 'Soldiers are making history in Afrin, and... 
Lutz Bachmann 4 | Bananenrepublik...    
Turkey could widen  Syria offensive after Erdogan vows to attack ‘wherever there are terrorists’...…  
DUMB AS A BRICK=&gt;  ChelseaClinton Says 'Women's Reproductive Health Rights Are Connected to Climate Change'...…  
DUMB AS A BRICK=&gt;  ChelseaClinton Says 'Women's Reproductive Health Rights Are Connected to Climate Change'...…  
Survivors form anti-terror campaign group    
Alleged killer of Penn student belonged to neo-Nazi group, repo  says  U.S.government  Woodward's...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Proud to be an American | There's a new  WhiteHouse petition asking Trump to label Antifa a terror group....…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Breitba   London | Labour MPs Instructed to Vote Against Banning Hezbollah...  Hizballah    
NPR | Alexei Navalny's  spokesperson said the police claimed they...    
Labour MPs Instructed to Vote Against Banning Hezbollah Terror Group  Hizballah    
Death toll rises over 100 in Afghan ambulance suicide bombing  Kabul    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Palestinians Say Trump’s  Cuts Will Starve Them as Their Leader Buys $50 Million Plane  watchdognewssite...…  
5 Disturbing Conspiracy Theories That Were Confirmed By The JFK Files |    chemicalwarfare...…  
Detrás de la Razón - ¿Ud desconfiaría de su pasta de dientes? Secretos para asesinar de  Israel-EEUU...…  
CTV News | The suicide bomber used an ambulance packed with...  Kabul    
Afghan officials say death toll at 103 after  Taliban ‘ambulance’ suicide bombing  UnitedStates...…  
TrumpResponds To Deadly Terror Attack Like A Moron &amp; Gets Shredded In 8 Seconds Flat  Taliban  President...…  
Reuters |  Turkey will clean its entire border with  Syria...  President  no hernSyria  TayyipErdogan…  
Erdogan says Turkey will clean entire  Syrian border of terrorists  President  no hernSyria  TayyipErdogan…  
Erdogan:  Turkey Will Clean Its Entire Border With  Syria From Terrorists  President  RecepTayyipErdogan...…  
Afghanistan says death toll from  Kabul bombing rises to 103    
Video: Erdogan: After Afrin and Manbij we'll move to Syrian-Iraqi border  anti-Syriangovernment…  
The Psychological Trick Behind Trump’s Misleading Terror Statistics    
Watch Trump DESTROY Democratic 2020 Candidates  DemocraticPa y    
Belgium: How Low Can a Low Country Get?  theNewYorkTimes  ÉricZemmour  journalist  France  theNewYorkTimes…  
Somali who stabbed two in Mall of  America in November says it was an act of Jihad  MallofAmerica…  
Legalization of  HavatGiladoutpost postponed by another week    
Maximilians Vater bei illegalem Rennen totgerast - »Terror auf den Straßen, es kann jeden treffen…   
Obama’s Pedophile Secret OUT After Depa ment Of Defense Releases Sta ling Memo To Public  Twitter  rubber...…  
Kampf gegen Islamisten: Staat verlie  Überblick bei Anti-Terror-Maßnahme 
Former top FBI  officer warns: Israeli  lawenforcement lax, reforms needed  FederalBureauofInvestigation...…   
Afghan  official: 191 wounded in attack, death toll still 95  Taliban  Kabul 
Kabul attack:  DonaldTrump seeks decisive action against  Taliban  President  VicePresident...…  
Video: 394  ISIS members,  Kurdishmilitia killed in Afrin – Turkish army  anti-Syriangovernment...…   
| Finally we've got someone showing these terrorists who's...    
Thanks to Karni Sena, it feels like we are in middle of a surreal horror film  PrimeMinister  Davos  India…   
Bundesregierung: Islamisten-Sonderausweis? Keine Ahnung!    
Bundesregierung: Islamisten-Sonderausweis? Keine Ahnung!    
40 people are dead and 140 are injured after a suicide bomber in an ambulance detonated explosives in...…  
Auckland grandfather killed in  Afghanistan bomb blast    
Barnaby Joyce: federal Icac unnecessary as  Senate has anti-corruption powers  DeputyPM  China  Russia...…  
Stalin-era Great Terror exposer freed from jail pending trial in  Russia  localmedia    
Ecuador declares state of emergency after  carbombattack on police (PHOTOS, VIDEO)  SanLorenzo  president…   
Suspect in O.C. Stabbing Death of  BlazeBernstein Belonged to  Neo-NaziGroup: Repo   UnitedStates  Newpo ...…  
LADbible |   This isn't a scary movie. It's pure emotional... 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
VICE News | This school in  Indonesia is deradicalizing the children of convicted terrorists.
Sessions: Trump’s Immigration Plan Suppo s National Interest  attorneygeneral    
TheresaMay and  EmmanuelMacron's immigration deal branded 'a gift for human traffickers'  UnitedKingdom…  
Collective Evolution | What makes his comments so interesting is the...    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Obama's Pedophile Secret OUT After Depa ment Of Defense Releases Sta ling Memo To Public ⋆…  
New  ISIS Video Sings to U.S. Jihadists: 'Now Time to Rise, Slit Throats' 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Sick Taliban terrorists strap bomb to BABY in evil attack plan    
Turkish army claims 100s of Kurdish ‘terrorists’ killed amid ‘Olive Branch’ op    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Former Taliban hostage Joshua Boyle accused of using rope during sexual assault    
Trump Enrages Leftists As Obama Order Wiped Out, Terrorists Cringe At “Load It Up” 
Government appoints  campaigner  SaraKhan to lead anti-extremism drive  PrimeMinister  HomeOffice...…  
Protesters Mob  ChuckSchumer’s Residence Over DACA - OpsLens  Senatevote  Senate  MinorityLeader  Facebook…  
'It's a massacre': Afghan blast toll rises to 95 dead, 158 wounded  Kabul 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Reuters | A Russian human rights activist who helped to...   ew08jsR  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
10 Widely Circulated Photos That Are Actually Fake  ISIS    
Bomber in Ambulance Detonates at Afghan  Checkpoint; 95 Dead  AfghanCheckpoint  Afghanistan    
Conservative Tribune | Finally we've got someone showing these terrorists who's...   J0Fjv9g  
Lula: vivemos uma ditadura e um clima de terror no Brasil    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
A trans teen is fighting to escape his abusive parents &amp; conversion therapy    
'Strict Muslim' raped four women at knifepoint to 'punish them for being on the streets at night'...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
EDITORIAL: Nothing ‘normal’ about  JoshuaBoyle  PrimeMinister  Afghanistan  JustinTrudeau    
Pelosi Gone Wild: Trump’s Dreamer Deal A “Campaign To Make America White Again”    
63 killed, 151 wounded in Afghan suicide bombing, officials say | Toronto Star 
A Suicide Bomber Driving An Ambulance Has Killed Dozens Of People In  Kabul    
The Atlantic | Saturday’s suicide bombing, the deadliest attack in  Afghanistan...  Taliban  Kabul…   
Kabul ambulance blast:  India 'strongly' condemns attack, offers 'all possible assistance' to  Afghanistan...…   
USATODAY | At least 95 people were killed and 163...  explosivedevice  Kabul    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
95 killed, 158 wounded in Afghan car bombing  Kabul  Taliban 
ABC7 | BREAKING NEWS: A suicide bomber driving an ambulance...  Taliban  Kabul    
Death Toll Rises To 100, Over 170 Wounded In  Kabul Blast  suicidecarbomb  AfghanHealthMinistry  Afghanistan…   
At least 40 dead after suicide bomber uses ambulance in  Kabul blast    
Officials say 63 killed, 151 wounded in Afghan car bombing  KABUL  Taliban  Afghanistan 
CTV News | A suicide bomber driving an ambulance killed at...  Kabul  Taliban    
Pakistan doesn’t consider Trump tweets  officialUSpolicy: Abbasi  PrimeMinister  President  DonaldTrump...…  
63 killed, 151 wounded in Afghan car bombing  Taliban  Kabul 
Erdogan: After Afrin and Manbij we'll move to Syrian-Iraqi border  Soundcloud  Instagram  YouTube   ...…  
The Islamization of  Germany in 2017: Pa  II  Hans-GeorgMaaßen  President    
Suicide bomber in ambulance kills at least 63, wounds more than 150,  Kabul officials say  Taliban…   
Suicidecarbomb in  central Kabul kills 17, wounds more than 100, officials say  InteriorMinistry…   
Scores dead after suicide bomber in ambulance detonates explosives  Kabul  Afghanistan    
Suicide bomber driving ambulance kills 17 in  Kabul    
Sainsbury's  shopassistant jailed for encouraging terrorism on WhatsApp    
Suicide bomber driving ambulance kills 40 in  Kabul    
Ambulance bomb kills 40, wounds 140 in  Kabul attack  deputyspokesman  Jamuriatehospital  NasratRahimi...…   
Ambulance used in deadly  Kabul suicide bombing, officials say  suicidecar  AfghanPublicHealthMinistry...…   
Pakistan doesn’t consider Trump tweets  officialUSpolicy: PM  WASHINGTON  President  ShahidKhaqanAbbasi...…  
Taliban fighters hide bomb in baby girl's clothing in bid to attack city    
Heavy casualties in  checkpointcarbomb near embassies in Afghan capital    
Suicidecarbombrocks  Kabul, injuring at least 50;  Taliban claims responsibility  Afghanistan...…   
Terrorists strike the SICK as car bomb explodes in AMBULANCE, more than 30 wounded  Kabul  Afghanistan…   
Don’t consider Trump tweet  officialUSpolicy: PM Abbasi  PrimeMinister  UnitedStates  Afghanistan  Pakistan…  
Carbombwounds at least 18 at checkpoint near embassies in Afghan capital -  TimesofIndia  MirwaisYasini...…  
Three teenagers dead after  carcrashes into west  London bus stop    
BREAKING: Bomb explodes in crowd outside HOSPITAL – many feared dead 
~180~ Wár On Terrór  OVER,  Pue oRico Privatized,  Germany Done With Our Shit  SecretaryofDefense  LeeCamp...…   
Three teenage boys killed after  Audi crashes into their bus stop in London  Metropolitanpolice...…  
Republic | EXCLUSIVE:  HighCommissioner  Bisaria tells  Pakistan what it's... 
Dute e: Indonesian, Malaysian troops can enter PH in pursuit of terrorists  President  Philippines...…   
Moscow theater defies ban, screens  ArmandoIannucci's The Death Of Stalin  MinistryofCulture  SovietUnion...…   
In  Afrin,  Turkey seeks ethnic cleansing, not terror eradication 
Trump Says US Working To Destroy Terror Groups | TOLOnews  UnitedStates  America  Afghanistan  Davos...…  
GurugramPolice exposes  MadhuKishwar's lies on school bus attack by Karni Sena terrorists -...…  
INQUIRER.net | Dute e: Indonesian, Malaysian troops can enter PH in... 
ChuckGrassley Letter to  JohnPodesta |  HillaryClinton Presidential Campaign, 2016 | Democratic National...…   
Thanks, GOP: CHIP kids have insurance, but some of them might not have a place to get care  Congress...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trump Administration Makes Air Force One Announcement That Has People Freaking Out  DonaldTrump…  
PH gets over $1-B in investment pledges from  India  President  ISIS  ISIS  RodrigoDute e    
Fake Terrorism Expe : Repo ers Who Criticize Trump Are Guilty Of 'Treason' (AUDIO)    
Terror attack in  Amsterdam: Masked gunmen with machine guns open fire at community center rampage - Geller...…  
NewJersey Pizza Place Hides Terrible Terror Secret As ‘ ThrowHimOffABuilding’ Video Found    
Breña: 'Marcas' siembran el terror en banco y roban más de 40 mil soles [VIDEO]  CampodeMa e  BBVABanco…  
How To “Make A Bomb” For Terrorists As  BarnesAndNoble Free Download Claims “Kill Tens Of People”…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Ex-Afghan hostage  JoshuaBoyle to undergo psychiatric assessment  Stewa stown  CaitlanColeman...…  
Trump bluntly explains anti-Islam retweets: ‘I am a big believer in fighting radical Islamic terror’...…  
White House Framework on Immigration Reform &amp; Border Security    
DC Lawyer Drops 'Historic' Bombshell: Reveals EVERY SHRED Of Evidence That Obama Meticulously Hid ⋆...…  
Trump Ups Defense Budget By 13% -   Can't Have World's Best Military On An Obama Budget   
The Australian | Australia has backed a new US defence strategy...    
China, Russia ‘worse than Islamic terror’ 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Conservative Tribune | Terrorists continue to lose ground under Trump and...    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Turkey Will ‘Target’ US Troops If They Keep Suppo ing 'Terrorists'    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
CBC News | Former hostage Joshua Boyle will undergo a 60-day...    
Ex-hostage Joshua Boyle to be psychologically assessed    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Elizabeth Warren tomahawks Trump's immigration deal: It's 'insulting'    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Anti-Media | Turkey demands the U.S. end its suppo  of...    
The BABY BOMB: Taliban hide explosives in tiny child’s clothes    
Terror-Gefahr: Islamistischer Gefährder bald auf freiem Fuß?    
Former Afghanistan hostage Joshua Boyle to undergo psychiatric assessment    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Ruptly | Forces will 'clean up Manbij of terrorists' after...    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
CTV News | Former  Afghanistan hostage  JoshuaBoyle, who faces a... 
Antifa Terrorists Burn Memorial Photos of  KateSteinle - Flip Her Off  ArizonaStateUniversity  Phoenix...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
FBI Responds to Kidnapping by Killing the Innocent Hostage—Criminals Just Fine  FederalBureauofInvestigation…  
Former  Afghanistan hostage  JoshuaBoyle to undergo psychiatric assessment  lawyer  Ontariocou   Ontario…  
Doomsday Clock Now 2 Minutes to Midnight | Nerdist  theBulletinoftheAtomicScientists...    
SCOOP: CHILLING Way Obama Turned Terrorists Loose in Our Country -- This is TREASON!  terroristgroups…  
SCofficial recommends transfer of  Mamasapano cases to Metro  Manila  Cou Administrator  CotabatoCity...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
US  President  DonaldTrump declares ' Americaopen for business' at  Davos summit | News | DW | 26.01.2018...…  
JammuandKashmir: Terrorists hurl grenade at police station - Republic World  Kashmir'sPulwama…  
Former hostage  JoshuaBoyle to undergo psychiatric assessment  Afghanistan    
Syrianarmy finds Israeli-made mines,  chemicals in eastern  Dayral-Zawr  chemicalmaterials  Syriangovernment…   
Republic | Terrorists hurl grenade at police station in Jammu...  JammuandKashmir  Kashmir'sPulwama…  
Turkey’s Suspicions of the Kurds,  America’sClosestPa ners in  Syria, Are Deep  UnitedStates…   
Scarborough: FBI 'Conspiracy Theories' Benefit Terrorists, 'Are Making  America Less Safe'  MSNBC  Russia...…   
TheNewYorkTimes | The  UnitedStates regards Kurdish fighters as its...  Syria  Turkey    
TPNN | And just like that, terrorists are still on... 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
DonaldTrump prepared to apologise for retweeting Britain First  president  far-right    
Reuters |  President  Trump told the crowd in  Davos that...  America    
Trump plans to sign order keeping Gitmo open, leaked doc reveals  president  BarackObama  Depa mentofState…   
Ending the Terror of R Errors    
US slaps sanctions on six  Taliban, Haqqani terrorists - Times of India  Pakistan  Trumpadministration...…   
Hezbollah 'Engaged in Criminal Conduct' in UK:  U.S.Counter-TerrorismSpecialist - Breitba   UnitedKingdom...…  
International Latest Updates: PALPAK NA  ISIS SUICIDE BOMBER NAHATI ANG KATAWAN NG BIGLANG SUMABOG ANG BELT...…  
Maharlika | PH,  India united in the war vs illegal drugs, terrorism 
Philippine News Update | SHABU PAH!!HOSTAGE talaga!Mangdamay kapa. magpakamatay ka mag isa wag kang...…  
Turkey’s Erdogan says will rid  Syria’s Manbij of terrorists after Afrin op    
DianeAbbott orders Labour to oppose move to ban 'terror' group Hezbollah from UK  Hizballah  UnitedKingdom…  
Terror, maritime cooperation top agenda at Asean summit - Times of  India  TimesofIndiaIndia  SouthChinaSea...…   
Video: US- Turkey trust issues: ‘We have alliance conflict between two NATO countries’ - prof  president...…  
DailyMail | 'It was done because I'm a big believer...    
|  Ankara insists it will return enclave to its...    
Pelosi Statement on  WhiteHouse Immigration Framework -  DemocraticLeader  NancyPelosi    
Being Liberal | (W) Just a reminder that white, KKK-affiliated domestic terrorists have been responsible...…   
Syrian Kurds seek  Damascus’ protection as  Turkey’s Erdogan vows to return  Afrin to ‘owners’  Ankara…  
Jaish-e-Mohammed declares  India number one enemy - Republic World  Jaish-e-Mohammed  PathankotAirForcebase...…  
PresidentTrump's Immigration Proposal: A   White Supremacist Ransom Note.    UnitedKingdom  Black...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Students Call “ RingLeader”  Professor To Resign, Radical Domestic Terror Association Unacceptable…   
Dute e pushes for stronger effo s to end financing of terror groups  President  RodrigoDute e…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Gateway Pundit | Antifa terrorists burn Kate Steinle memorial photos!    
WHITE  ISIS: Antifa Terrorists Burn Memorial Photos of  KateSteinle  ArizonaStateUniversity...…  
WHITE  ISIS: Antifa Terrorists Burn Memorial Photos of  KateSteinle  ArizonaStateUniversitycampus  Phoenix...…  
Unprecedented security cover in  Delhi for 69th  RepublicDay celebrations - Republic World    
Republic | Thousands of security personnel keeping a hawk-eyed vigil...  RepublicDay  Delhi    
Palace backs homicide raps vs Aquino  President  Maguindanao  MANILA  BenignoAquinoIII  SolicitorGeneral…  
Indy’s former  Jerusalem  correspondent:  Hamas tunnels are a “testament to their hard work &amp; ingenuity”…  
|  X-RAY machines, police armed with machine guns and... 
BREAKING: 'We are praying' DESPERATE gunman holding HOSTAGES after  failed bankrobbery  UnitedStates  Michigan…  
CouncilofEurope: Palestinians must halt stipends for terrorism  Jerusalem    
CNN Politics | “Dreamers should not be held hostage to  President...  Trump  DickDurbin    
In first, key European body calls on Palestinians to stop financing terror  Israel  CouncilofEurope...…   
VermontHighSchool to Fly the Black Lives Matter Flag    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
AlexJones |  DefenseSecretary  JimMattis was treated to a...  a...DefenseSecretary    
CNNPhilippines | PO3  CarlosBocaig was one of the 45...  Mamasapano    
MUY PRONTO   EL JUEGO DE LA COPA   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Breitba  | A Vermont high school announced it will fly...    
Trump Says He'll Release The Dreamer Hostages If Democrats Give Him $25 Billion For His Wall    
Sources: Armed man barricaded inside Canton Township bank with hostages    
Conspiracy: Muslim photographer and Nation of Islam hid photos of Obama With Farrakhan since 2008 - Geller...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
VENDE-SE ESTA CASA é bom? - Vale Crítica    
Urging Dems to Stop Playing Defense, Warren Says Medicare for All 'Goal Wo h Fighting For' 
Terminal Fiori: Sujeto encapuchado apunta con un arma a repo ero en vivo [VIDEO]    
Joint Statement by the Ambassadors of France and Italy, and the Chargés d'affaires of the United Kingdom...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Rich NYC residents use terrorism as an excuse against subway elevators for people with disabilities…  
ANGER after London mum who posted ISIS propaganda on Facebook is told she WILL NOT face jail    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Terror-Prez Abbas Gets $50 Million Luxury Jet Despite Funding Fears - Geller Repo 
Nikki Haley SLAMS PA terror-prez Abbas over shocking, hate-filled speech - Geller Repo  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Terror suspect Mohamed Harkat given more freedom    
‘US pushing all buttons it can’ to remain relevant in Syria 
First &amp; Last Victim to Speak Out Against Larry Nassar Slams Him With Hard Bible Truth    
6 ASEAN members launch intel initiative to fight terrorism    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Seinfeld boosts Israel's   shoot to kill   fantasy tours 
JUDICIAL WATCH: Robe  Mueller Helped Cover Up Connections Between Saudis, 9/11 Terrorists 
Arutz Sheva -  Israel National News |  Israel declares victory as EU condemns PA for...  EuropeanUnion...…  
Israel declares victory as EU condemns PA for financing terror  Pennsylvania  PalestinianAuthority...…  
Hezbollah is a clearly a terror organisation. Parliament should treat it as one  Hizballah    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
MoonPie and Wendy's are friends now because the internet is a corporate hellscape  Twitter    
IMDb |   I absolutely adore you, Hamm Sandwich.    JonHamm,...  KevinSmith  director  TonyGilroy  BradAnderson…   
Conservative Tribune | A government shutdown didn't stop Mattis from taking...    
Spektakulärer Zugriff bei Leipzig - Hier stoppt das SEK Terror-Verdächtige an der Autobahn    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Sasha Banks  Bosses Up While Eating Spicy Wings | Hot Ones  SeanEvans  SnoopDogg  food  YouTube…  
Business Insider |   Nobody wants to be known as the terrorists'... 
Modi's speech on MEA website is not Modi's speech at  Davos - Alt News  PrimeMinister  Switzerland...…  
New counter-terror  tsar  SaraKhan facing calls to quit  HomeOffice    
Palestinian Arabs prefer terrorism to peace deal, poll finds  Israel 
Nerdist | What are the Avengers up to between movies?...    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
‘Drug dealing’ Hezbollah must be banned in the UK, US counter-terror expe  claims   MatthewLevitt...…   
ClintEastwood is  KillingHollywood with His New Movie about  American Heroes Who Stopped  Paris Terror Attack…  
Davos:  TheresaMay to urge tech firms to 'go fu her' over illegal content    
TheresaMay accuses  Facebook of helping terrorists, child abusers and slave traders  PrimeMinister...…   
‘Drug dealing’ Hezbollah must be banned in the UK, US counter-terror expe  claims —   UKNews...…   
Four in Ten Parents Say Children Are Worried About Terrorism, 13 Per Cent Put off Public Transpo  - Breitba …   
Breitba   London | Four in Ten Parents Say Children Are Worried...    
‘Stop suppo ing terrorists’ to avoid possible clash with  Ankara in  Syria – Turkish  deputyPM to US...…  
Canada: Leaked intelligence documents show greater threat of Islamic terror than government admits…  
Injustice in  Cou ofAppeals: Failing  MaryJaneVeloso    
IS und Taliban kündigen neue Terror-Offensive gegen die USA an:   Auch Frauen können sich bewähren  …   
Trump Officially Restores Cold War  Russia  DefenseSecretary  JimMattis  UnitedStates  China    
Freed  HassanDiab demands probe over 'terrorism' ordeal  extraditionlaw  Canada  France  professor…  
FarhanAkhtar on  Twitter    
State Depa ment Confirms 4 Americans Killed In  Kabul Hotel Attack  spokeswoman  Afghanistan...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Gallantry award for  driver who saved 52 yatris - Times of India  Gujarat  SalimGafurShaikh  TimesofIndiaIndia…  
BREAKING: TRUMP MAKES SURPRISE ANNOUNCEMENT – LET THE RIOTS BEGIN  President  DonaldTrump    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Riverdale Is Doing A Musical Episode And It's Going To Get Bloody    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Republic |  IndiaWatchesPadmaavat |   Attacking a school bus is not...  FarhanAkhtar r 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Judge loosens some of terror suspect  MohamedHarkat’s release conditions    
Pakistani Islamist petitions cou  to block takeover of charities  HafizSaeed  LAHORE  UnitedNations…  
HelloGiggles |   It’s not a laughing matter. Our  President is... 
State Depa ment Confirms 4 Americans Killed by  Taliban in  HotelTerrorAttack  Depa mentofState...…  
Heroism of SAF 44 extolled in day of remembrance  SpecialActionForce  Maguindanao    
McConnell laments 'hostage-taking' as irony weeps in the corner  MitchMcConnell    
INQUIRER.net | The  SpecialActionForce (SAF) commemorated on Thursday...  Maguindanao    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Judge loosens some conditions of terror suspect  MohamedHarkat’s release  Ontario  FederalCou ...…  
USCoalition airstrikes kill 150  ISIS terrorists in  Syria | American Military News  JamesJarrard...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Metal Mythos: W.A.S.P.    
Repo : They’re All Terrible    
Former FBI Agents Calls Texting Scandal Watergate Pa  Two [VIDEO] Hb
BREAKING: TRUMP MAKES SURPRISE ANNOUNCEMENT - LET THE RIOTS BEGIN    
Army Times | More BS propaganda from the terrorists?    
Plane named after Barra schoolgirl killed in Manchester Arena terror attack    
VICE News | Secretary of Defense James Mattis is in Indonesia...   xY  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Good Morning Britain | This man is a hero who helped save 19 hostages during the Iranian Embassy Siege. So...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Exclusive: Watch the trailer for Ellen Page's cannibal-virus horror movie 'The Cured'    
PressTV-Iran seizes bombs, explosives in Saudi terror plot 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   oueDL2O 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
John Kerry To Terrorist Palestinian Group:   Hold Strong - Trump Will Not Remain In Office For More Than A...…   
Republicans are holding the healthcare of 9 million veterans' hostage    
NICE SHOT: US Wiped Out 150 Terrorists With Strike On ISIS Headqua ers In Syria    
VICE News | This school is deradicalizing the children of convicted terrorists.
Curiosity Kills In Subnautica, But It’s Hard To Stop Diving Back In   y4mlxTu   
BREAKING: New Cou  Docs Reveal Mueller Conducted MAJOR Cover Up for 9/11 Terrorists    
Trump's unproven claim about chain migration, terror suspect 
Cell Behind  Barcelona Attack May Have Had Sights on Eiffel Tower  Spain  Madrid    
Accused terrorists hired as “anti-radicalism consultants”  by taxpayer funded organization    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Mueller Tied to 9/11 FBI Cover-Up of Saudi Connection |  AskPete  PeteSantilli  (563)999-1449  Lompoc...…  
For Refugees in the  Trump Era, a Tougher Path to the U.S.  U.S.While  President  UnitedStates…   
DEVELOPING: More ea hquakes strike along Ring of Fire as seismic surge continues  Alaska  Hawaii...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
SaudiArabia is the light and  Iran is darkness, says  foreignminister  Riyadh  Adelal-Jubeir…   
Canada-Accused Terrorists Hired as 'Anti-Radicalism Consultants' - Geller Repo 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Student recounts   terror   amid  Kentucky school shooting  CBS  TristanCline  MarshallCounty...…   
US Soldier Planned to Join  ISIS and Bomb Schofield Barracks: Feds  UnitedStates  ErikKang    
Angst vor Terror im Karneval: Köln verbietet Lkw in Innenstadt   VZaKkF  
Military.com | He told an informant if he became an...  Honolulu    
CNN | At least 60 FBI employees pa icipated in the...  UnitedStates  ISIS  FederalBureauofInvestigation...…  
Police Shoot Knife-Wielding Afghan Migrant at  BelgianRailwayStation, Deny Terror Links... 
Snake blood, flaming bricks: Mattis gets bizarre  Indonesian send-off  Indonesia'sarmy  opencarwindow...…   
As FBI  Director,  MuellerHelped Cover Up  Florida 9/11 Probe, Cou  Documents Say - Geller Repo ...…   
Grand Sheikh of  AlAzhar declares that Trump’s  Jerusalem will lead to jihad terror    
CNNPhilippines | The  President said the  AssociationofSoutheastAsian...  AssociationofSoutheastAsianNations…  
Calida asse s: Rebellion, terrorism exist in Mindanao  ma iallaw  SolicitorGeneral 
ISIS claims attack on  SavetheChildren office in  Afghanistan, killing 2  suicidecarbomb 
Attack on  SavetheChildren charity in Jalalabad kills at least one, injures more than 10 more...…   
US urges  Lebanon to sever Hezbollah from its financial system  Depa mentofJustice  Congress  Hizballah...…  
SEK-Kräfte stürmen Villa - Terror-Verdacht gegen Hamburger Limousinen-König    
Al-Qaida  commander put on US terror list after calling to attack Jews  KhalidBatarfi  Jerusalem...…  
Explosion at  SaveTheChildren offices in  Afghanistan injures 11  spokesman  provincialgovernmentspokesman...…  
TheTimes of  Israel | A top US  financeofficial is urging  Lebanon...  Hizballah  UnitedStates  terror…  
Caritas Philippines: ‘A government that cu ails press freedom is insecure'...    
INQUIRER.net |  President  Dute e said he wanted  China to help...  SoutheastAsia  guard    
Dute e wants  China’s help to combat sea pirates, terrorism in SE  Asia 
Rapper-Turned-Jihadi Killed in US Airstrike  TheGuardian  terrorgroupmedia  DenisCuspe   TheGuardian...…  
Dozens killed &amp; injured in twin bomb attack in  Libya’s  Benghazi  doublecarbombattack    
Bombing outside  SavetheChildren office in  Afghanistan   easternAfghanistan  governmentofficial…  
Frenchpolice block PYD/PKK demonstration in  Paris  U.S.embassyinParis  UnitedStates    
CIA  Director  MikePompeo: Intelligence beyond 2018 | LIVE STREAM  al-Qaeda  MarcThiessen  China...…  
EstadosUnidos: Así fue el escape de los hermanos Turpin tras años de to uras [VIDEO]    
The  WallStreetJournal | In  Davos, Narendra Modi says protectionism presents a...  TheWallStreetJournal…   
Hereditary is the most traumatically terrifying horror movie in ages  AriAster    
Judicial Watch: Mueller Worked With Radical Islamists to Purge Anti-Terror Training Docs Offensive to Muslims…  
Hawaii soldier planned to join Islamic State and bomb Schofield Barracks, feds say  U.S.DistrictCou ...…   
German Woman Who Joined  ISIS Sentenced to Death by Hanging  Mosul    
This Indonesian school is deradicalizing the children of convicted terrorists    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Two accused terrorists hired as “anti-radicalism consultants” — and you're paying their salaries…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
27 dead in  twincarbombexplosions in Libyan city of  Benghazi    
Did Mueller Help Cover Up Connections Between Saudis And 9/11?  Robe Mueller  JudicialWatch...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
FUREY: Terror attacks in  Canada ‘likely to continue,’ internal CSIS repo  says  AnthonyFurey...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
'Authoritarian' White House Puts DoJ Officials In Service of Political Agenda    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Republicans, it's time to let the community health center hostage free 
Terror UK: Attacker brandishes weapon at Belgian train station police - shots fired - Geller Repo …  
Occupy Democrats | Donald Trump must stop encouraging white supremacist terrorists and their threats...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Montreal couple hired as consultants after acquittal on terror charges | Toronto Star    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Facebook let a terror suspect, 31, ' repeatedly post ISIS videos' 
BREAKING: 'Knife wielding man' shot dead by police in Belgian city centre    
CNET | SpriteCoin isn't a real cryptocurrency -- it's a...    
Der Türkentroll denkt Laut und fragt sich : Was wäre, wenn wir so wären wie die? 
Trump's Divisive Rhetoric Has Officially Inspired Domestic Terror Threats Against CNN Personalities…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
BREAKING! Trump Just Made His BIGGEST Move Yet!! Muslims Are PISSED!    
Prozess gegen Freitaler Rechtsextremisten: Wenn der Pizzabote Böller liefe 
I'm Coming To Gun You All Down.   Will Trump-Inspired Terrorism Matter? 
Finsbury Park suspect said he was 'going to kill Muslims' in pub before attack, cou  hears 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
taz. die tageszeitung | Böller ins Auto. Sprengkörper ins Asylheim. Pa eibüro verwüstet....    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Muslim Student Tried To Burn Down Minnesota College    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
BREAKING! Terror cops across Europe on ale  after truck carrying 34,000 litres of bomb-making chemicals is...…   
Trump just launched a provocative attack on CNN day after foiled CNN mass shooting    
Occupy Democrats | BREAKING: Yesterday, a man was caught plotting a... 
Trump-Spewing Domestic Terrorist Arrested After Threatening To Kill CNN Employees    
Prison in France: Terrorism and Islamism    
EE.UU.: el preciso instante en que los hermanos maltratados escapan de “la casa del horror” [VIDEO] |...…  
Africa Live: Museveni - 'I love Trump', Kenyan terror movie gets Oscar nomination 
Wife of Maute group member arrested    
Die neue Anti-Terror-Strategie 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
8 Theresa May lookalikes that are so accurate you will go   blimey, I am seeing double    TheresaMay-alikes…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trump-Inspired Terror? Man Threatens To Kill 'Fake News'  CNN Employees    
Hazan: 'Above anything else, they're terrorists'  OrenHazan  Baladpa y 
Borderpolice thwa  attempted stabbing attack  YossiDagan  head  SamariaRegionalCouncil    
TheJerusalemPost /   m | “Terror will not break us.”
Republic |  PMModiAtDavos | WATCH: PM Modi speaks about the...  PrimeMinister 
Taliño named new SAF director  PhilippineNationalPolice  SpecialActionForce  NoliTaliño...    
Kommentar Angriff der Türkei auf Kurden: Mal eben abservie 
Man Arrested For Terror Threats Against  CNN -    Michigan  Atlanta  BrandonGriesemer…  
NationalReview | We suppo  Turkey in Afrin operation! Afrin should...    
Live updates from day two of the Finsbury Park terror attack trial  DarrenOsborne  MakramAli  TommyRobinson...…  
ConservativeTribune | In Trump's America, terrorism is on the run all over the world, and it is in pa ...…   
Border Policemen stop 2 would-be terrorists    
URGENT! Tsunami warning after huge  Alaska quake  www.truthfrequencyradio.com/kevbaker  RADIOFacebook...…  
Terror attack foiled in Samaria    
Arutz Sheva - Israel National News | Terror attack foiled in Samaria    
Is this the 'largest war on terror in the world'? - Times of India  PrimeMinister  NEWDELHI  Pakistan...…  
|  Anti-terrorpolice across  Europe are on high ale ...  chemicalsubstance…  
Terror fears after truck stolen  Belgium  chemicalsubstance    
Swiss authorities criticized for ignoring PKK victims  AnadoluAgency    
Wheelchair-bound  ISIS suicide bomber says goodbye to his sobbing kids before being lowered into an...…  
Neurogenic -   Allotriophagical Obsession   - 300BPM - Lord  MarcoDrumPlaythrough  JeffHughell  president...…   
Terror cops on ale  across  Europe after ‘truck carrying 34,000 litres of  bomb-makingchemicals’ is stolen...…   
DITIB-Imame predigen für den Terror-Krieg der Türkei gegen die Kurden!    
BREAKING:  Terrorpolice on ale  as ‘truck carrying 34,000 litres of explosives’ is STOLEN...…   
NataliePo man reveals she experienced 'sexual terrorism' at 13 - Republic World    
BREAKING: Terror cops on ale  after 'truck carrying 34,000 litres of explosives STOLEN' 
DITIB-Imame predigen für den Terror-Krieg der Türkei gegen die Kurden!    
Yeshiva graduate missing after  Afghanistan hotel attack  Kabulhotel  Taliban    
Sydney woman arrested for ‘financing terrorism’    
Sydney woman arrested over terror financing    
'Immediately arrest or expel  Taliban from your soil,' says US to  Pakistan, after weekend attack in  Kabul...…   
Pope  FrancisComparesGossiping Nuns To Terrorists  Lima    
How the DeLorean (Almost) Came Back From the Dead  timetravel  JohnDeLorean    
| Despite being called 'traitors' and 'representatives of terror...  UnitedStates  mediator…  
CNNInternational | Citing terror concerns, the agency is implementing a...  Jordan  SaudiArabia...…   
Finsbury Park terror trial:  DarrenOsborne turned into 'ticking time bomb' after watching  BBC drama, cou ...…   
DailyMail | He was left HOMELESS while one of the...    
Sydney woman arrested over alleged terror financing gxlK
Fox News happily helps  Trumpadministration in a highly misleading effo  to blame immigrants for terrorism...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Imgur | 🎶Now I know my  ABC's, let's go back to Arithmophobia, the existential terror of numbers.🎶…   
WhiteHouse Switches Up Voicemail to Blame Democrats for Shutdown    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
GRAPHIC --  HumanHead  Found in Mexican Border State  Walma  Ca 
Mom  GotACall From The 'Ca el' That Their Son Was Held Hostage, Then She Turned On The News 
YvetteCopper's SHOCK CLAIM no-deal Brexit will make it EASIER for terrorists to attack UK  Europe...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Democrats’ Bold Fold Shifts the Pressure on to Trump and His GOP Enablers    
ICE Director Exposes Trump’s Lie About Immigrants He’s Told For Over Two Years    
CONSEGUIMOS O HOMEM! Entrevista exclusiva com o PRESIDENTE DO BANCO CENTRAL Ilan Goldfajn    
UPCHUCK! Democrat Shutdown Fiasco Now Over as Schumer Surrenders    
In New Proposed Subway Elevators, Some See a Terrorism Risk 
WATCH: 56-Year-Old Targeted Outside Meeting, ‘Domestic Terror’ Members Filmed Savage Assault 
California Democrat Claims Americans Too Stupid To Read “Memo,” Last Ditch Effo  Shows Pure Terror …   
Ohio man who trained with terrorists overseas, plotted to kill U.S. troops gets 22-year term 
Tammy Duckwo h Scorches Donald Trump As 'Five-Deferment Draft Dodger'    
Homeless Iranian Embassy SAS hero attacks decision to give terrorist who survived the siege a...…  
Democrats cave to American outrage, government is back open  SchumerShutdown  epicfail - Geller Repo …   
Stars and Stripes | A Columbus, Ohio, man who trained with terrorists... 
Senator who lost her legs in Iraq calls Trump 'a five-deferment draft dodger'    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trump and the 'immigrant terrorists' 
Trump Official: Dem Senators Are Holding America Hostage to Benefit Illegals    
Antifa Member Nearly Chokes Trump Suppo er to Death..James O'Keefe Attacked Also [VIDEO]    
In the NOW | This won't end well: Turkish tanks have entered...    
Jeff Koons Sculpture in Honor of Paris Terror Victims Draws Outrage    
Rat-Zinger   Toda Forma de Poder   (Lyric Video) [Ratzinger] 
Washington Post | Trump says a new repo  on terrorism shows...    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Secrets Behind The Government Shutdown as Democrats Hold The White House Hostage…  | Politics…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
White House voicemail blames Democrats for no one answering the phone amid government shutdown…  
CAVE: Democrats Abandon Shutdown, Agree To McConnell Plan In Exchange For...Nothing 
Mitch McConnell blocked a Democratic measure to pay troops during the shutdown, but nobody told Mike Pence…   
Trump admin. misleads tying terrorism repo  to immigration    
The Other 98% | White terror strikes again.    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trump administration lied when it said DHS had vetted their bogus and racist terror repo 
State Depa ment Spending $592,500 to 'Explore Gender Identities of Boys and Men in Kenya' 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Stephanopoulos Scoffs: 'Do You Really Want to Question' Schumer’s 'Knowledge' of This Bill?    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
TheGuardian | This is the message you'll hear if you...  WhiteHouse    
CNN Politics |  No hKorea seized the USS Pueblo 50 years...    
2  improvisedexplosivedevices ignite in  Florida mall  FloridamallPolice    
WashingtonExaminer |   Congressional Democrats are holding government funding ... hostage... 
Jeff Sessions Caught Issuing a Fake DHS Document Blaming Immigrants For Terrorism: Repo ...    
Viral: Fake quote about 'mothers and teachers' attributed to  ArundhatiRoy - Alt News  writerandactivist...…  
Analysis |  President  Trump’s claim that ‘nearly 3 in 4’ convicted of terrorism are foreign-born…  
State Depa ment spending $592,500 to 'explore gender identities of boys and men in  Kenya'  Depa mentofState…   
Very quietly, Justice Depa ment charges white supremacist with domestic terrorism  Depa mentofJustice…   
Terror concerns prompt stricter TSA scrutiny of air cargo from five mostly-Muslim countries  UnitedStates…  
ISIS fighter says goodbye to daughter before suicide bomb  DeirEzzor  easternSyria  Syria    
Pope  Francis jokingly calls gossiping nuns ‘terrorists’    
Philippines to depo   Hamas ' rocket scientist'  Israel    
Pakistan 'won't allow' UN sanctions monitoring team access to  HafizSaeed - Times of  India  NEWDELHI...…  
Palestinians: No Difference Between  Fatah and  Hamas  Israel  UnitedStates    
2  improvisedexplosivedevices ignite in  Florida mall  FloridamallPolice    
Djokovic y un comienzo de terror: cuatro doble faltas consecutivas - ESPN Video    
6 soldiers hu  after clash with  Maute group in  LanaodelSur  MarawiCity    
Kabul hotel siege:  Journalist describes night of terror from inside  IntercontinentalHotel  CNN…  
Afghan forces end  Taliban siege at  Kabulhotel; 18 killed -  TimesofIndia  SouthAsia...    
CBSNews | The exhibition   Ode to the Sea   showcases a work... 
TeraNoor - Full Song | Tiger Zinda Hai |  SalmanKhan |  KatrinaKaif |  JyotiNooran  AdityaChopraMusic...…  
Turkey 'soon' will finalize operation in  Syria's Afrin — Erdogan    
Google employees plotted with  Antifa  terrorgroups to wage violent revolution to ove hrow  President...…  
2008  Gujarat blasts mastermind arrested after decade-long manhunt - Times of India  NEWDELHI  SIMI-IM...…  
NataliePo man Reveals She Was Victim Of 'Sexual Terrorism' Aged Just 13    
Opinion | Terrorists tried to kill me. God helped me forgive them.    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Po man’s ‘sexual terrorism’  president  UnitedStates  DonaldTrump    
Mobile unit trained to fight terror with speed and skill  traveltime..    
Being Liberal | (S) The  Trumpadministration made it crystal clear:...    
BREAKING! Trump Just Made His BIGGEST Move Yet!! Muslims Are  PISSED!  DonaldTrump  President…  
House Democrat is OK with paying ‘hostage takers’ for border wall to save ‘Dreamers    
NataliePo man, at 13, experienced 'sexual terrorism' 
Kabul hotel gunmen targeted foreigners: witnesses    
NataliePo man shares harrowing   sexual terrorism   experience at age 13  LosAngeles  theOscar…   
FOX News host just called out  MickMulvaney for suppo ing   holding the government hostage    Trump  foxnews...…   
Team Trump Bypassed DHS Analysts to Produce Bogus Terror Repo   Trumpadministration    
The Daily Beast | EXCLUSIVE: The  Trumpadministration made it crystal clear:...    
3 Out of 4 convicted terrorists came to US legally via current immigration system  UnitedStates  DOJ…  
NBCNewYork | The senator was responding to a tweet Trump...  Senator    
WhiteHouse changes voicemail to say  Democrats'holdingGovernment hostage'    
TheBlaze |   Unfo unately, we cannot answer your call today because... 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
‘They’re holding government hostage’: White House phone line blames Democrats over shutdown (AUDIO)…  
Glenn Beck | I understand that this is an emotionally fraught...    
Mattis: US will grow 'lethality' of force; focus on 'growing threats' Russia and China in new national...…  
Fox News | TURBULENT TERROR: A pilot was able to safely...    
The New White House Voicemail: Government Closed Because Democrats Holding Military Funding ‘Hostage’ over...…  
Sen. Tammy Duckwo h reminds Trump he is a “five-deferment draft dodger”    
Tammy Duckwo h To Donald Trump:   I Won't Be Lectured To By A Draft Dodger   - News &amp; Guts Media…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Google employees plotted with Antifa terror groups to wage violent revolution to ove hrow President Trump…  
| ‘They’re holding government hostage’    
Natalie Po man Says She Experienced ‘Sexual Terrorism’ as a 13-Year-Old in Hollywood — Watch…  
Stephanopoulos Asks Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin: ‘Aren’t You All Creating Chaos Now?’    
Joe diGenova – Brazen Plot to Frame Trump, 1990 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Natalie Po man details 'environment of sexual terrorism' in Women's March speech    
Trump: ‘Dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation’    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Natalie Po man Shares Her Experience of ‘Sexual Terrorism’ at 13    
White House Voicemail: Government Closed Because Democrats Holding Military Funding 'Hostage' over...…  
Turkey Launches Offensive On U.S.-Backed  KurdishMilitiaIn Syria  UnitedStates  ISIS    
Natalie Po man Delivers Incredibly Powerful Speech About Being Sexualized at a Young Age  actress…  
| Attackers 'broke into the rooms, took some people... 
|  SyrianArmy liberated  AbuDuhurairpo  , which had... 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Pope  Francis: ‘Gossiping Nuns’ Are Like ‘Terrorists’  Peru    
WHAT  ASHAME: German  Rapper Who Joined  ISIS Killed In  Syria  TheGermannews  DesoDogg  newssite…  
'Taking hostages':  MitchMcConnell BLASTS  ChuckSchumer, Dems as  Senate returns to session  Democrats…   
Watch  ChrisWallace  Burn Mick Mulvaney Over Shutdown Hypocrisy: ‘You Are Holding The Gov.  Hostage'...…  
Senator  TammyDuckwo h blasts Trump over government shutdown  President  DonaldTrump    
WhiteHouse phone line blames Democrats over shutdown (AUDIO) —   USNews  UnitedStates  USgovernment…  
WallaceNailsMulvaney For Hypocrisy On Shutdown: 'You Suppo ed Holding The Government Hostage'...…  
WhiteHouse changes public voicemail to say Democrats holding government ‘hostage’  telephonecommentline…  
WH Voicemail Tells Callers Gov  IsClosedBecause of Dems Holding Military 'Hostage' Over 'Unrelated'...…  
London  Mayor: Trump's 'Divisive' Rhetoric Amounts To Terrorism  SadiqKhan  UnitedStates  ISIS  President...…  
NataliePo man makes powerful speech about her experience of 'sexual terrorism' as a child  TheOscar...…  
WhiteHouse Comments Line Voicemail Blames Democrats For Holding Government Funding 'Hostage'…  
A  WhiteHouse out of office message blames Democrats for holding the government “hostage”    
WhiteHouse Updates Official Comment Line to Accuse Democrats of 'Holding Government Funding Hostage’ (Video)…  
'Pray for me, I may die':  Kabulhotelguest's desperate plea during terror attack  AzizTayeb  Facebook...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
WhiteHouse voicemail accuses Dems of holding funding 'hostage'    
NataliePo man tells Women's March crowd: 'I had to deal with sexual terrorism'  Oscar    
A  from behind the walls of Guantanamo    
Kabul hotel attack: guests 'sprayed with bullets as they ran'  Intercontinentalhotel    
Onecoin Offices Raided in  Sofia,  ServersShut Down  RujaIgnatova  Canada  UnitedArabEmirates...…   
Trump campaign ad says Dems 'complicit' in murders by undocumented immigrants    
Turkish Op in Afrin is Pa  of  Ankara's Strategy to Suppo  Terrorists - Assad  Basharal-Assad  Syria...…  
Obama’s ICE Didn’t Follow Procedure For Checking Illegal Immigrants’ Ties to Terrorism - Geller Repo ...…  
Return to global dominance, slimming down  Pentagon —   USNews  UnitedStates  Russia  China 
Trump drops chilling ad: Democrats are 'complicit' in the murders of Americans by illegal aliens  President…  
Terror in Afghanistan: Mehrere Tote bei Angriff auf Luxushotel in Kabul - SPIEGEL ONLINE - Politik…  
Iraqi Cou  Sentences German Woman to Death for  JoiningDaesh - Repo s  Iraqicou   Reuters  spokesman...…  
Hostages use bed sheets to flee besieged &amp; burning  Kabul  IntercontinentalHotel (VIDEO)...    
L' Oreal's hijab-wearing Muslim model:  Israel is   sinister state   and   child murderers   
Republic | 26/11 style attack attack in  Kabul, terrorists enter...  IntercontinentalHotel 
VIDEOS: KRIEG! – Türkei marschie  im Kampf gegen Kurdenmilizen &amp; mithilfe von Terror-Organisationen in...…  
US troops suppo  Somali forces on the ground, hit  al-Shabaab terrorists from the sky  UnitedStates  Somalia…   
Gunmen kill at least five at luxury  Kabul hotel  IntercontinentalHotel    
| It took Afghan forces more than 12 hours...    
NataliePo man, at 13, experienced 'sexual terrorism' 
Terror en el aire: pasajeros se preparan para impacto    
PA honors kidnappers, murderers of Israeli soldier in 1980  PArepresentative 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Cuckold who used  iPhone to catch wife in the act ‘deserves a medal’:  lawyer  florist  NewJersey…  
Pakistan keeps terrorists on the run and economy on a roll- Nikkei Asian Review  army  KARACHI…  
How the seizure of a US  spy ship by  No hKorea nearly sparked nuclear war  UnitedStates    
NataliePo man says she experienced 'sexual terrorism' at 13  LosAngeles    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trump Goes Berserk After Government Shutdown, Accuses Dems Of Holding Military 'Hostage' 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
|   Ships and submarines will remain at sea, our...  Africa  SouthAsia  MiddleEast 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
12 Strong’s Moral Clarity about the War on Terror Is Sorely Needed    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Is It The Schumer Shutdown? - OpsLens  SenateMinorityLeader  Trump  President    
Watch McConnell stop a bill from Democrats to continue military pay and death benefits amid shutdown…  
CNNInternational |  Actress  NataliePo man said experiencing   sexual terrorism   at...  LosAngeles…   
CNN |  Actress  NataliePo man said experiencing   sexual terrorism   at...  LosAngeles 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Mitch McConnell Just Completely Screwed Military Members Like A Total Slime-Ball  conservativemedia...…  
15 Years In Environment Of Constant Fear Somehow Fails To Rehabilitate Prisoner...    
Paul Ryan blames government shutdown on Democrats, accuses them of holding military and CHIP   hostage  …   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Alt-Right Terrorism Dwarfing Islamic Terrorism    
Several killed after gunmen take hostages in upscale hotel in Afghan capital Kabul    
Alex Jones Vindicated: Infowars Right In Vega Shooter Terror Plan » Alex Jones' Infowars: There's a war on...…  
White House Comments Line Blames Democrats for “Holding Government Funding … Hostage”    
9 arrested at Newark airpo  after ‘reckless, dangerous’ TV stunt involving fake bomb 
Democrats Literally Hold American Kids' Medical Care Hostage to Help Illegals Instead    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Home Office send Liverpool family back to 'ce ain death' in Iraq    
Lawyers for anti-Muslim terrorists ask for more Trump voters on jury - Being Liberal    
Trump Just Took Back Another $45 Million Obama Was Sending to Terrorists    
Pence discusses terrorism, No h Korea with Egypt's el-Sisi 
Speaker Ryan's Floor Speech on the Senate Democrats' Shutdown    
Vice President Pence says US stands 'shoulder to shoulder' with Egypt    
Elite German anti-terror unit to grow by third and move to  Berlin - Geller Repo   commander  Germanpolice...…  
You guys are lucky I don’t know how to build a bomb,   St. Kate’s Muslim student who sta ed 8 fires,...…   
Reuters | A group of as many as four gunmen...  Kabul  IntercontinentalHotel    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Democratic senators put the lie to Trump Shutdowner claims about military being held 'hostage'…  
PaulRyan on  Twitter  Schumer    
BBC Deletes Tweet Describe Iraqi Migrant Terror Suspect as 'Surry Teenager'  Surrey    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trump: Dems Are Holding Military Hostage (McConnell Blocked Move To Pay Military During Shutdown) -...…  
| “We will not negotiate the status of unlawful...    
Turkish jets bomb  Syria's Kurdish-held Afrin | News | DW | 20.01.2018  KurdishYPGmilitia  Ankara  Turkey…  
Sanders Blames 'Schumer Shutdown' on Democrats Holding 'Lawful Citizens' Hostage    
Government shutdown, day 1  Congress 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Analysts rip into US defense strategy —   USNews  SecretaryofDefense  UnitedStates  JimMattis  America…  
Fox News | Moments ago  President  DonaldJ.Trump tweeted about...    
WashingtonExaminer | “We will not negotiate the status of unlawful...  WhiteHouse  presssecretary...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
SenateMajorityLeader  MitchMcConnell Just ACCUSED Democrats Of Holding  America “Hostage”  Congress…  
The Hill |  President  Trump blasted Democrats over the government shutdown,...  USmilitary  UnitedStates…   
Trump: Dems taking military hostage to push for illegal immigration  President    
WATCH: “ MuslimArmy” Caught Hiding in  America. They’re Arming for WAR Against Trump.  President...…  
DonaldJ.Trump on  Twitter    
The Daily Caller |   Democrats hold our lawful citizens hostage over their...  dailycaller 
Kenya: Muslim  cleric arrested on jihad terror charges, his students riot, kill three people, destroy...…   
US Attempts to Blame  Syrian Gov't for Chemical Attacks Unfounded - Russian MoD  RussianDefenseMinistry...…  
Why a celebrated Francophone  Africa  writer said no to  president  Macron's French language project...…  
India, US and  Afghanistan target  Pakistan over terrorism at UNSC - Times of  India  UnitedStates...…   
Mattis: Defence plan focus on  Russia,  China, not terror  UnitedStates  America  defencechief…   
Liverpool would have been a hostage to fo une if they sacked Flanagan    
VICE News | Nothing helps people unwind from the terror of...    
McDonnell To Speak Alongside Ousted NUS Boss  MaliaBouattia - Guido Fawkes  controversialoustedNUSchief...…  
Analysis | The  Pentagon says China and  Russia are bigger problems for U.S. than terrorists. American...…  
US shutdown sparks war of words on  Trump'sone-yearanniversary  Senate  UnitedStates  USgovernment...…  
India in a strong message asks UN to focus on eliminating terror safe havens in  Pakistan - Republic World...…  
Republic |   These mindsets differentiate between good and bad terrorists....  President 
DonaldTrump has helped  China replace US in  Islamabad, offered  Beijing free control of  Pakistan's...…   
Lalaki sa Pangasinan, nang-hostage ng asawa sa kagustuhang makita ang kanilang mga anak 
CNN Politics |   Inter-state strategic competition, not terrorism, is now the...  UnitedStates...…   
Republic | Full Video - Terrorists Help  Pakistan's Army  TerroristsHelpPakistan'sArmy    
Republic |  India Urges UN To Eliminate Terror Safe Havens...  UnitedNations    
Bombs found at  MahabodhiTemple premises in Bodh Gaya amid Dalai Lama visit    
Pakistan brings up Kulbhushan Jadhav in  UNSecurityCouncil debate - Times of India  TimesofIndiaIndia…  
US intensifies anti-terrorism ops in  the Philippines with new military mission — repo   UnitedStates...…  
| The  Pentagon had repo edly renamed its anti-terrorism mission...  Philippines…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Democrats holding citizens hostage:  DonaldTrump administration on US shutdown  President...    
WhiteHouse Statement on  SchumerShutdown:  DemocratsHoldingUS Citizens Hostage to Get Deal for Illegal...…  
WhiteHouse Statement on  SchumerShutdown:  DemocratsHoldingUS Citizens Hostage to Get Deal for Illegal...…  
Nearly 20 American hostages languish around the world  Iran  PersianGulf  FederalBureauofInvestigation...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
JoyReid on Twitter    
The  WhiteHouse on  Twitter    
U.S. withholds additional $45 million from terror-linked U.N. agency   UnitedStates  Depa mentofState...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
US military focus shifts to threat from  Russia and  China, away from terrorism  UnitedStates  America...…   
Terrorism no longer the military's top priority, Mattis says  China  Russia 
Democrats Can’t Compromise as Trump and the GOP Take Political Hostages  RepublicanPa y    
Lawmaker suggests terror links to  LasVegas shooting   StephenPaddock    
BREAKING: AMERICAN TEENAGE WHOM KILLED MUSLIM REFUGEE FOR RAPING HIS 7 YEARS OLD SISTER SENTENCED 30...…  
| Terrorists in Iraq &amp; Syria know how to...  chemicalweapons    
The CHIP Debacle Shows Democrats Need to Put the  GovernmentonAutopilot  Congress    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
China and  Russia are bigger threats than terrorism says  USgovernment  JimMattis  SecretaryofDefense...…  
Terror in the  RockyMountains: Fuqra in  Colorado |  Clarion Project    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Mattis: Terrorism no longer  America’s ‘ primary focus’    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
SHUTDOWN UPDATE: Trump Just Punk'd Out Chuck Schumer -- 'Respect Is Back!'    
New US defense strategy: Return to global dominance, slimming down Pentagon 
Uribe es acusado de generar terror mediático en No e de Santander con el ELN para ganar votos…  
US troops help Somali forces rescue 30 children from terror camp    
White supremacists committed more murders than any other extremist group in 2017    
Alex Jones | Watch LIVE: Congressman Says Terrorists Were Involved In...    
TheBlaze | Congressman believes Las Vegas attack was terrorism related.
WarRoom | LIVE NOW! Congressman Says Terrorists Were Involved In The Las Vegas Shooting
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Opinion | Homeland Security Is Wrong. Most Terrorists In America Are White.    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Analysis | Trump seems to think that sharks are ocean terrorists    
WATCH: Congressman Says He Has 'Credible Evidence' 'Terrorists' Involved in Vegas Massacre    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
It’s Groundhog Day! Everybody’s Being Held Hostage    
The Daily Dot | They killed more than Islamic terrorists and Antifa...    
Fox News | Zulfi Hoxha, 25, graduated from Atlantic City High School in 2010 is believed to be the soldier...…   
US security focus 'no longer terrorism'    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trump suggests that a terror attack could help Republicans in the 2018 midterms: Repo 
IT'S OVER: Trump Has Pelosi and Schumer Freaking Out -- They're Done!    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
U.S. Air Force Weighs International Squadrons to Strike Terror Targets    
Drivers who don't acknowledge you for giving way to them are worse than terrorists, finds study…   
NewsThump | Drivers who don't acknowledge you for giving way...    
Vancouver Aquarium and whales agree to hostage exchange    
| The new   hostage takers.    townhall.com 
SCHUMER SHUTDOWN: Senate Dems Vow to Close  FederalGovernmentOnBehalfofIllegalImmigrants    
Pentagon: Countering China and  Russia now higher priority than fighting Islamic terrorism  UnitedStates…  
RCMP track down bomb threat suspect — thanks to caller ID    
More winning:  Trumpadministration withholds additional $45 million from jihad terror-linked UNRWA...…  
US security focus 'no longer terrorism'  UnitedStates  defencesecretary    
NPR |   Inter-state strategic competition, not terrorism, is now the...  UnitedStates 
U.S. Military Advantage Over  Russia And  China   Eroding   Says  Pentagon   UnitedStates 
Fox News |   This is absolutely needless, completely unnecessary, and wholly...  foxnews 
WashingtonExaminer | “The basic line is: No matter how strongly...    
Os Thompsons - Medo de Filmes de Terror    
Deso Dogg,  ISIS' 'gangsta jihadi', killed in  Syria clashes, terror watchdog says  media  rapper...…   
Why won't  Israel treat imprisoned woman with severe  burns?    
Hamas-linked CAIR files cou  challenge to government's Terrorist Screening Database  Depa mentofJustice...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Shocking Irregularities in Screening Aliens for Terror Ties |  Clarion Project  properprotocol…  
Executioner in  ISIS video is N.J. high school grad, magazine says  AtlanticCityHighSchool  NewJersey…   
Video:  USbuilding ‘army of terror’ on  Syrian-Turkish border – Erdogan  UnitedStates  no hernSyria  Turkey…  
Ubaydullah Hussain dømt for terror    
Failed Asylum Seekers Steal Police Sidearm, Take Hostages During Depo ation Attempt  Germany…   
TrumpJustHad 199 People Arrested In Secret Overnight Raid After Hearing What They ALL Did  UnitedStates...…   1NIo
Australia's human rights record attacked in global repo  for 'serious sho comings'  HumanRightsWatch...…  
ISIS Fu her Decimated by ‘Tide Pod Challenge’ - The Mideast Beast    
Police killing of  NaqeebullahMehsud angers Pakistanis  socialmedia    
This clever tech will finally stop drivers illegally parking on pavements - and could even prevent terror...…  
WATCH: Muslim Mother’s Love “Best day of my life When my son committed suicide bomber” – matyinfo…   7Ba4
This Marawi Siege Sho  Film Was Shot With  AnneCu is' GoPro - Preen  UnitedStatesArmySpecialForces...…  
Pakistan Embassy Officials Involved In  Kashmir Terror Funding: NIA  SeveralPakistanembassy  Dubai...…  
I have never once heard the term 'Indian state-sponsored terrorism': Former CIA  director  DavidPetraeus -...…  
| The military is on ale  after repo s that...  AbuSayyaf  MarawiCity  ISIS…  
Joint Task Force Iligan formed to guard city vs terrorists  ISIS    
VICE | Nothing helps people unwind from the terror of...    
African U.N. envoys suggest Trump meet leaders in  Ethiopia after 'shithole' remark | Reuters -…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
JimmyKimmelSlams GOP for Holding Sick Kids Hostage in Shutdown Fight  RepublicanPa y    
Netanyahu backs  India's right to hit terror hideouts across LoC - Times of  India  BenjaminNetanyahu...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Democrats Use Exto ion, Demand Criminals Rights And Threaten Dire “Consequences” As U.S. Hostage...…   
Proud to be an American | A  WhiteHouse petition is asking  President  Trump to label Antifa a terror...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Hill | Republican Rep.  ScottPerry claimed in an interview...  LasVegas  foxnews    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
European Leaders Getting Tougher on Immigration After Public Outcry  MiddleEast    
These Accused Anti-Muslim Terrorists Wanted Their  Kansas Jury To Be Even More Pro-Trump  federaljudge...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Fox411 | The movie    12Strong   was inspired by the first  U.S.SpecialForces that were sent to  Afghanistan...…   
GrammyAwards to Honor Victims of Gun Violence With Performance by  MarenMorris,  EricChurch, Brothers...…   
Cacife Clandestino - Dona do Baile (Prod. WcNoBeat) | Clipe Oficial    
Child  HeldHostage 30 Hours Tells Man Not to Kill Himself    
'Flight crew seemed clueless': Passengers describe terror on 'shaking'  MalaysiaAirlines flight  Sydney...…  
Adm.  StansfieldTurner, who led major CIA overhaul as  directorofcentralintelligence, dies 94  Ca er...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
HouseSpeaker  PaulRyan: Democrats Holding the Military 'Hostage' for DACA  DACAHouseSpeaker    
15 people injured after  carcrashes into pedestrians on  RiodeJaneiro beach    
SOBRENATURAL - A ÚLTIMA CHAVE é bom? - Vale Crítica    
ISIS releases propaganda video of invasion of  Washington  Abd  socialmedia    
FLASHBACK: In 2013  ChuckSchumer Compared Government Shutdown To Hostage Situation (VIDEO)  president...…  
Should Trump Ban Muslim Refugees From America?    
Everything you need to know about the case of David and Louise Turpin — the couple accused of holding their...…  
President Trump Vindicated? Homeland Repo  Reveals Where 73 Percent Of Terrorists Came From    
Boy, 10, Held Hostage for 30 Hours Tells Captor Not to Kill Himself 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
'GOD HELP US'! Breaking: Potential hostage situation underway in Congress    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Terrorists in Iraq &amp; Syria know how to make chemical weapons, threat may spread – Lavrov 
Sebastian Gorka has had a warrant for arrest in Hungary since before working in Trump's White House…  
Congresswoman: Dems ‘D*cking Around’ on Immigration, ‘Holding Our Troops Hostage’ 
/html/head/meta[  y='og:title']/ 
Pelosi just colorfully called out Paul Ryan’s plan to hold kids’ healthcare hostage    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Anthony Small is charged with encouraging acts of terrorism     
Salisbury shopping centre cordoned off over bomb threat in post office    
Nuclear 1st-Strike Option Now on Table for Trump    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
City centre cordoned off over 'credible' bomb threat    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
GITMO Gets Special   Gift   from Trump That Strikes Fear All The Way to The Middle East 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
IDF reveals new details about  IslamicJihad terror tunnel    
Watch:  IDF destroys  Hamas terror tunnel  Gaza  Israel    
Of Course Sessions Manipulated Data to Suppo  Trump Travel Ban  BanThey    
| ‘Stop Arming Terrorists Act’ was submitted to  Congress...    
Children’s  healthinsurance has become a political hostage  realreasonCHIP    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Muvi | La película de terror icónica de los 90 guardó más secretos de los que creías 🤐
Montreal mother's odyssey to rescue daughter from  ISIS pays off  Canada    
Netanyahu unveils memorial for  Mumbai attack victims  ChabadCenter  India  ChabadCenter  MosheHoltzberg…  
Jeff Sessions:   What Good Does It Do To Bring In Somebody Who Is Illiterate In Their Own Country?    America...…   
Israeli  PrimeMinister  BenjaminNetanyahu meets 'Baby Moshe' at Nariman House - Republic World  Mumbai...…  
Pakistan must stop 'educating' kids terrorism: Moshe's grandfather - Republic World  NachmanHoltzberg...…  
Republic | US Diplomat Slams Pakistan For Sponsoring Terror    
Republic | ' Pakistan is educating people, especially children, to join... 
SAS HERO of  Iranianembassy siege HOMELESS after council fail to find him a house    
Op-Ed: Trump is not to blame for the rise of Arab terrorism  UnitedStates  StephenHughes  president  Israel...…  
IPOB: NIGERIAN GOVERNMENT SPREADING OF TERRORISM IN AFRICA: A REASON FOR  DONALDTRUMP TO DISSOLVE NIGERIA...…  
Sanders Slams Dems For Holding 'Military and National Security' Hostage Over DACA  president    
'The society I had fought for all my life had turned its back on me' SAS Hero of  IranEmbassy siege is...…  
Government to increase Calais border spend during UK- France summit  TheresaMay  EmmanuelMacron  UnitedKingdom…  
Trump Suggests That a Terror Attack Could Help Republicans in the 2018 Midterm Elections: Repo ...…  
NIA Files Explosive Charge Sheet on Terror Funding; Geelani’s family named - Republic World    
NYC terror attack suspect offers to plead guilty to avoid death penalty, attorneys say  NewYorkCity…   
Convicted Leaker Responsible For Dead Soldiers Garners Endorsement From Jihad Terror Suppo er, Liberals...…   
TheNewYorkTimes | This man had provided   critical suppo  to the...  binLaden 
WATCH: “ MuslimArmy” Caught Hiding in  America. They’re Arming for WAR Against Trump. - My blog...…  
Russia willing to suppo   Pakistan’s counterinsurgency effo s  Moscow  ForeignMinister  SergeiLavrov…  
CNN | The suspect in  NewYorkCity's deadliest terror...    
MALCOLM: Stay vigilant about Sharia in  Canada    
Trump’s Bogus Terrorism Figures are Designed to Scare  Secretary  JudiciaryCommittee  KirstjenNielsen...…  
Republic | EXPOSED: Terrorists Camping Across Border    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
ChrisCuomoSlams WH Anti-Immigration Agenda: If You're Worried About Terrorism Focus On White Supremacists...…  
Public satisfaction with  Dute eadministration at record high – SWS  Dute egovernment d
Facebook,  Google tell  Congress they're fighting extremist content with counterpropaganda  Twitter…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
HassanDiab talks about his 9-year ordeal battling terrorism accusations  universityprofessor…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Dems Think 800,00 Illegal Immigrants Are Wo h Forcing Active Military To Go Without Pay  Congress...…   
KamalaHarris to Kirstjen Nielsen:   Reasonable Inference   That You Are A Racist  Secretary  Norway...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
' EquatorialGuinea's attempted coup began in  France,'  President Obiang tells  France 24  Chad  Cameroon...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
[Sub Español] Fanfic de terror de BTS 'Outcast' se vuelve viral gracias a ARMY  Facebook  Tumblr  Uso...…  
Here's what it was like to live through the terror of the No hridge ea hquake, which hit 24 years ago –...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Couple harassed with phone calls after dog goes missing in Delano, Minn. 
Here's what it was like to live through the terror of the No hridge ea hquake, which hit 24 years ago...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Alleged Al Qaeda Associate Charged With Conspiring to Kill Americans and Other Terrorism Offenses  al-Qaeda…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Tillerson wants U.S. troops in Syria until terrorism is gone, so forever 
Man up, DC! Immigrants are 73 percent of terrorism convictions 
At Briefing, Press Blasts 'Misleading' Trump Admin. Terrorism Stats 
Trump's new repo  reveals how far white nationalists will go to pin terrorism on brown people…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Black Lives Matter co-founder:   The first time we were called terrorists, I remember seeing our names on...…   
Repo : Terrorists who murdered Rabbi Raziel Shevach captured - Israel National News    
Arutz Sheva - Israel National News |  Breaking: Repo : Terrorists who murdered Rabbi Raziel Shevach...…  
3 Out of 4 Convicted Terrorists Came to U.S. Legally Via Current Immigration System - Judicial Watch…  
A DOJ official tried to defend its flawed study linking immigration and terrorism. It was a disaster.…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Christians Reject Nigerian Vote Against Jerusalem … Insist Nigeria is Non-Aligned    
Liftable | The 10-year-old walked into the kitchen to find a man pointing a gun at his mom.
Age 10 Boy Rescued after Held Hostage by Gunman for 30 Hours, Says 'God Had Him' 
Republicans just took the healthcare of 9 million children hostage    
White supremacist violence is on the rise, but don't expect Trump to care 
Trump just hinted at a terrifying plot to steal 2018 elections    
Afghans Rub Obama's Face in Failure, Give Trump Beautiful Award for Bravery 
Occupy Democrats | The President just made disturbing comments about a...    
Trump Privately Hoping For Terror Attack Right Before Midterms: REPO 
New US Bill Seeks To Fight Terrorist Use of Cryptocurrencies    
Trump Secretly Hoping for Terrorist Attack to Save Him from 2018 Midterm Meltdown: WaPo    
CNN Just Knocked Out Trump With An On Screen Ale  To Viewers Of Real Time White House Lies    
Opinion: Why the actions of cities — not nations — will be the key to our survival on ea h    
3 Out of 4 Terrorists Since 9/11 Are Foreign-Born, but Over Half Citizens 
Occupy Democrats | Truly deplorable. Republicans are holding funding for CHIP and the restoration of DACA...…  
Neue Weltkriegsgefahr! USA verlegen 30.000 Terroristen nach Nord Syrien    
CAROLINE GLICK: Palestinian Leader’s Anti-American Rant Gives Trump Cause to Cut Funding - Breitba …  
The Times of Israel |   Israel expresses great sorrow and shock at the... 
Polygon | Star Wars shouldn't be held hostage by its...    
Prime Minister Netanyahu's Historic Visit to India: 'Israel, India Both Face Threat From Radical Islam' -...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trump Says 'a Terror Attack Could Save Him And GOP' From 2018 Election Bloodbath: Repo   DonaldTrump...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Under Obama and  SecretaryofState  HillaryClinton, FBI  DirectorMueller and CIA  Director  PetraeusGrounded...…   
Chelsea Bomber Tried to 'Radicalize' Inmates, But Has 'No Remorse' For Crimes, Prosecutors Say - Geller...…   
Trump Believes Terrorist Attack Could Save GOP in 2018: Repo   president  DonaldTrump  theWashingtonPost...…  
Republicans look to ave  government shutdown by trading Dreamers' futures for children's health  OrrinHatch…  
Daily Kos | They are holding children as their hostages.    
US Encounters 7 Terrorists EVERY SINGLE DAY, 73% Are Foreign Born  UnitedStates  Trumpadministration...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
‘It’s Just Unbelievable’:  AttorneyGeneral Jeff Sessions Lays Down The Law With Tucker [VIDEO]  foxnews...…  
Repo  Reveals Where Overwhelming Majority Of Convicted Terrorists Are Born  UnitedStates    
Analysis | Trump’s false claim that alleged terror suspect brought two dozen relatives to U.S....…  
VicePresident  MikePence on Twitter  UnitedStates  Atta  Kabul  SouthAsia  w/BalkhGovernor    
Three elections snarling the immigration fight  Washington    
CoryBooker Uses Misleading Terror Data To Attack Trump  HomelandSecuritySecretary  KirstjenNielsen...…  
CNN Politics | The immigration imbroglio gripping Washington is a symptom...    
ISIS 'sanctioned, if not directed'  Reso sWorld attack – expe   Philippines 
Nach Razzia gegen Mullah-Agenten - »Iran-Botschafter sollte ausgewiesen werden    
CNN | The immigration imbroglio gripping  Washington is a symptom...    
Gruppe Freital: Oberstaatsanwalt sieht Tatvorwürfe als bestätigt    
Republic | Desperate  Pakistan pushing terror in Samba sector, Jammu.... 
Proposed US Task Force Would Tackle Crypto Use in Terrorism Financing - CoinDesk  UnitedStates…  
Tourists flock to  Europe, avoid the US -  World-Chinadaily.com.cn  UnitedStates  DonaldTrump  President…   
INQUIRER.net | Some 48 foreign terrorists are actively pa icipating in...  FernandoTrinidad  MajorGeneral…  
There's no case against  HafizSaeed 'sahib' in  Pakistan:  Pakistan PM  ShahidKhaqanAbbasi - Times of India...…  
Military claims there are 48 foreign terrorists in Mindanao  MajorGeneral  ArmedForcesofthePhilippines...…  
Minister of External Affairs Sushma Swaraj talks tough on terrorism - Republic World...    
Republic | Terrorism is undeniably the mother of all disruptions...  MinisterofExternalAffairsSushmaSwaraj…  
If the  Emperor had a Podcast - Episode 2: The Black Templars, Dorn's Angry Boys  Twitter  Head  WhiteDwarf...…   
JUST IN: Repo  CONFIRMS Obama Allowed 40 “Known Or Suspected Terrorists” In, Background Checks Stopped…   
Dems Think 800,000 Illegal Immigrants Are Wo h Forcing Active Military To Go Without Pay 
Need to identify nations sponsoring terrorism: Bipin Rawat - Republic World  General    
Fox News |  President  DonaldJ.Trump on Tuesday used a...   9Gvi1f  
Robe  ALAI on  Twitter  Whoever    
Free  SyrianArmy begs CIA to revive weapons aid program to terrorists --  Sott.net  UnitedStates...…  
Trump cites federal repo  on foreign-born terrorists to urge immigration reform...    
460 Indians depo ed by the U.S in 2017  UnitedStates    
The Daily Caller | Democrats are threatening to hold national security hostage,...  dailycaller…   
Three in Four Terrorism Convicts Were Born Abroad, Feds Say 
We Are Not The Terrorists:  BlackLivesMatterCo-Founder Speaks Out about Attacks on Movement  journalist...…  
Former   High-Level   CIA Agent Warns   Terrified   Deep State Wants  President  Trump   Taken Out   (VIDEO)...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trump Repeats His Lies About Terrorism, Immigration and Justice Depa ment Data  president...…   
RCMP spent $1M on  Victoria terror plot investigation, including $90K on Nuttall and Korody  judge…   
Salon | Booker passionately explained why Trump's comments were unsettling,...  DHSsecuritysecretary…   
Kentucky Gov Threatens to Take Coverage From Nearly 500,000 if Medicaid Work Requirement Blocked  MattBevin…   
Misleading Trump Admin Repo  Links Immigration, Terrorism  UnitedStates 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trump admin touts stats linking immigration to terror  Trumpadministration  WhiteHouse    
DHS,  DOJ: More than 70 Percent of Terror-Related Convicts in U.S. Are Foreign Born  UnitedStates…   
Trump's  DOJ Was Just Busted For Using Skewed Terrorism Data To Push Anti-Immigration Agenda...…  
Breitba  | FACT: U.S. federal cou s have convicted at least...  UnitedStates    
Our Current Immigration System Jeopardizes American Security  DonaldJ.Trump  UnitedStates  President...…  
38 Minutes of Terror: How the Ballistic Missile Threat Changed Me    
Trumpadministration attempts to link terrorism cases with immigration    
Schumer &amp; McConnell Release Conflicting Statements Over Future of DACA And Looming Government Shutdown...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Gateway Pundit | 73% of all terrorism related offenders over the...    
Government Repo : 73% of All Terrorism Related Offenders Over Last 15 Years were Foreign Born...…  
Government Repo : 73% of All Terrorism Related Offenders Over Last 15 Years were Foreign Born...…  
LosAngelesTimes | A repo  ordered by  President  Trump says 75%...  UnitedStates    
Trump administration repo  blames immigrants for terrorism    
Donald J. Trump on Twitter    
Rap nova era - Terror e verdade feat- Nocivo shomon , jr Rdg , Big da godoy 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Repo : Islamic Oppression Fuels Two-Thirds of the Worst Persecution Against Christians    
Kentucky governor takes 480,000 poor people hostage, writes ransom note to federal cou s 
Trump Administration Skews Terror Data to Justify Anti-Muslim Travel Ban    
Hassan Diab, Canadian university professor charged with terrorism in France, is back in Canada | CBC News…   
IMDb | Based on true events, the crew of a... 
Team Trump Cooks Terror Stats for Bogus Immigration Argument    
DHS boss hit with 's---' load of questions about President Trump's language    
Battlefront II Patch Nerfs Overpowered Wookiee Warriors    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Obama's ICE Purposefully Let Terrorists Into The Country    
Anti-Terror-Einsatz in Leipzig: Syrer bei Razzia festgenommen    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
In the Trump administration's terror repo , read the fine print 
“When They Call You a Terrorist”: The Life of Black Lives Matter Co-Founder Patrisse Khan-Cullors…  
35 percent give Trump an 'F' after his first year    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Arrest warrants issued for Australian jihadis fighting with ISIS    
Kosovo Serb leader Oliver Ivanovic shot dead    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Stadt Dresden förde  Kurs zum „farbenfrohen“ Burkatragen    
Police hunting 20 Aussie terror suspects overseas 
Watch Sen. Cory Booker blasts Sec. Nielsen: 'Your silence and your amnesia is complicity'    
NBC News | New U.S. government repo  says most convictions for...    
Trump administration highlights 'foreign-born' terror-related criminals in immigration push    
Repo  says most U.S. terrorists foreign born, but look more closely 
Act of Terrorism  : Serb politician Oliver Ivanovic assassinated in Kosovo - Geller Repo  
New Justice Depa ment repo  on terrorism is only significant for how much data it lacks    
Netanyahu: Israel, India Both Face Threat From Radical Islam 
The 5 Worst Ways GOP Hypocrites Observed MLK Day on Twitter    
USA TODAY | The Trump administration's repo  finds that of 549...    
Every Swedish household to receive guide on how to handle terror attacks    
DHS Secretary Nielsen: Data shows 73 percent of U.S. terrorism convicts are foreign-born    
Trump’s DOJ pushes bigoted propaganda while ignoring threats from domestic terrorism    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
PamelaGeller, Breitba  News: Hijab Hate Hoax ... Again - Geller Repo   breitba news 
DHS: 73% of Convicted International Terrorists Were Foreign-Born  Depa mentofJustice...    
|  Secretary  KirstjenNielsen on DHS terrorism repo :
DHS Repo : 3 Of Every 4 Terrorism Offenders Since 9/11 Were Foreign-Born  Depa mentofHomelandSecurity...…  
KatiePavlich -  Blockbuster  DOJ Repo  Shows Vast Majority of Convicted Terrorists in  America Were Born...…  
DOJ, DHS Repo : Three Out of Four Individuals Convicted of International Terrorism and Terrorism-Related...…   
Angst vor der Wahrheit? Amri-Untersuchungsausschusses im Bundestag wohl ohne AfD!    
Obama's ICE Didn't Follow Procedure For Checking Illegal Immigrants' Ties to Terrorism  Obamaadministration…  
SC justice asks: Why the  paranoia over  ma iallaw but not on terrorism?  SupremeCou   SamuelMa ires...…  
Justice Depa ment on  Twitter  Depa mentofJustice  DOJ    
73 percent of terrorists were foreign born: DHS repo   travelban  Trumpadministration  president...…  
Bergdahl Breaks His Silence, Makes Disgusting Claim Against  U.S.Military. Is It Time He Gets Locked Up?...…   
Vigilantes ­bash ringleaders of schoolboy gang 'running amok' in  Dublin estates  UnitedStates…  
Pagode em Mianmar | Nerdologia 300    
Terror attack victim reunited with MDA rescue team    
InspectorGeneral finds 100% error rate for Obama’s ICE screening illegal immigrants for ties to terrorism…  
DHS repo : 73 percent of terrorism-related offenders over last 15 years were foreign-born...…  
| Die AfD ist bekanntlich die einzige Pa ei in...    
Govt unveils 'Paigham-i- Pakistan' fatwa against terrorism  AhsanIqbal    
Son of murdered Chabad emissaries returns to scene of massacre  PrimeMinister  2008-00-00  MosheHoltzberg...…  
Big Ben among terror targets, cou  hears  UnitedKingdom 
Germany hunts for  Iranian agents who repo edly spied on Israeli, Jewish targets  Iran'smilitary  terror...…   
Teenager accused of terror plot suing  VictoriaPolice    
MosheHoltzberg visits Nariman House in  Mumbai - Republic World  HouseinMumbai    
Republic | Watch | Moshe, who lost his parents during...  2008-00-00  NarimanHouseinMumbai  Mumbai…   
Pakistan Terror Attacks: 6 security men killed in  Balochistan, hours after attack on parliamentary convoy...…   
Senior Abbas  adviser denies  Israel's accusations of slay-for-pay terror  MahmoudAbbas  PA  President…  
RonBurgundy hijacks  AustralianOpen  theAustralianOpen  RogerFederer    
Terror-Abwehr? Groß-Razzia in Leipzig    
IS-Terror! LKA muss verdächtigen Syrer wieder gehen lassen    
Child orphaned in 2008  Mumbai attack set to return for the first time  Netanyahu  MosheHolzberg…  
TheTimes of  Israel |  MosheHolzberg was 3 when his mother and...  Netanyahu    
Oil Tanker Blast | Making of Tiger Zinda Hai |  SalmanKhan |  KatrinaKaif |  AliAbbasZafar...…  
Five Times Depo ed Illegal Alien Faces Terror Charges After Bus Trip Becomes Nightmare    
Police rescue 13 siblings found chained and starving in a US home | Sky News Australia  UnitedStates...…  
Building collapses in  Antwerp explosion  Belgianpolice    
Trump thanks  Qatar for combating terrorism  president  DonaldTrump  Gulfnation's  UnitedStates  emir…  
Moshe arrives in  Mumbai, says he’s ‘very happy’  2008-00-00 
Assange Is Back – Drops A Truth Bomb For  LasVegas Massacre Media Silent! - U.S ARMY FOR LIFE...…  
El co o de terror de sólo 15 segundos que te dejará helado    
“Moshe boy is very excited to visit  Mumbai,   says grandfather of ‘Baby Moshe’ - Republic World…   
The  BetootaAdvocate | “And finally, we have the Quizlamic Terror” said... 
Reuters | An explosion injured several people and brought down...  Antwerp    
| 'There is more complex threat with climate change,... 
Proof MSM Knew IN ADVANCE About  Hawaii Terror Drill  YouTube  Twitter  PayPal  Facebook  VPN  BrianYoung...…  
BREAKING: Girl Escapes! Thi een Were Being Held Hostage!    
BREAKING: Girl Escapes! Thi een Were Being Held Hostage!    
DonaldTrump thanks  Qatar for combating 'terrorism'   emir  President    
PalestinianAuthority Paid Jihad Terrorists and Their Families Nearly $350 Million in 2017 - Geller  Repo ...…  
IDF:  Hamas Built Tunnel To Blow Up Humanitarian Crossing - Breitba   GazaStrip  spokesperson…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Opinion |  ShreeParadkar: A girl’s hijab story isn’t true. But we’d be fools to believe anti-Muslim hatred...…  
Thi een siblings found chained, starving in  California home; parents charged 
Opinion | A girl’s hijab story isn’t true. But we’d be fools to believe anti-Muslim hatred doesn’t exist in...…  
Thi een Siblings Saved From Hostage Home After 17-Year-Old Escapes, Parents Now Being Charged  LosAngeles...…   
WhiteHouse repo ers just revealed Trump’s sinister initial reaction to  Hawaii nuke scare    
Occupy Democrats | BREAKING: His disgusting response to the terror faced...    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Jaka a Stock Exchange Tower Evacuated After Floor Collapses    
Australian terrorist Neil Prakash linked to failed Statue of Libe y bomb plot 
Crown wants convictions for B.C. pair earlier accused of terror-related crimes    
Trump thanks Qatar for effo s to combat terrorism    
Several wounded after massive explosion in Antwerp    
Let’s all give the Israeli Air Force a round of applause for destroying yet another Islamic terrorist...…  
Huge explosion leaves several injured in city of Antwerp     
Explosion causes building collapse, multiple injuries in Antwerp, Belgium 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
PLO calls on PA to renounce recognition of Israel    
Reuters | U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday thanked the...    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
New trailer for The Terror reminds you never to go sailing through ice    
Antisemitic letter sent to Jewish Community in France: ”We will burn you, Hitler will win.” 
Former hostage Joshua Boyle remanded again, returns to cou  Jan. 26 | Toronto Star 
BBC News | Khalid Masood, who killed five people in a... 
'They Didn't Want Me There': Remembering The Terror Of School Integration 
Government to ban all humanitarian visits to Israel by Hamas members    
Man Praying Interviewer Doesn’t Ask Any Questions    
THE TERROR Official Trailer  2   This Place Wants Us Dead   (HD) AMC Suspense Series 
Turkey vows to 'drown' US-backed Syrian Kurdish force    
The Times of Israel | Pledge to end medical treatment and prison visits...    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
¡Top 10 MEJORES Películas del 2017!    
Donald Trump thanks Qatar for effo s to combat terrorism    
Hijab Scissor Attack? Hate Hoax! (Another One)    
Palestinian Dictator Abbas: 'May God Demolish Trump's House,' Israel Isn't Jewish, I'll Keep Paying Terrorists…   
The US military is fighting terrorism in 76 countries around the world — here's where    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Westminster attacker 'took steroids'    
Hawaii Ballistic Missile Scare And What It Is Really About...Don’t Be Played    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Ein Prozent für unser Land | TERROR: SYRER, AFGHANEN UND SOMALIER GEFÄHRDEN UNSERE SICHERHEIT 
| How interesting!  NBC and  CBS wouldn't say this about the Grehyound hostage taker.
CBS,  NBC Omit Illegal Immigrant Status of  Greyhound Hostage Taker | NewsBusters 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
We Might Live in an 'Age of Terror', But No One's Actually Terrified 
Hawaii agency behind false missile ale  getting death threats —  CBSNews  FederalCommunicationsCommission…  
Republic | He also suggested that solution for terrorism and...    
JoshuaBoyle back in cou , bail hearing put off   
First We Feast |  TarajiP.Henson steps foot in the Hot Ones terror dome in an episode that'll go down in...…  
Double suicide bombing in Baghdad kills at least 38 people    
Need strong global response to defeat terrorism:  President Kovind - Republic World  RamNathKovind  India...…  
Republic |  NetanyahuIn India |  President  RamNathKovind called for...  Israel    
Osborne on  Carillion: Then and Now - Guido Fawkes  GeorgeOsborne  Chancellor  EveningStandard...…  
Livni slams plan to legalize murder victim's community  TzipiLivni  JusticeMinister    
Sweden to issue updated 1940s 'war guide' amid threats of terrorism &amp; climate change – media  localmedia…  
Baby Moshe excited to see Nariman House, nine years after 26/11 - Republic World  MosheHoltzberg  Mumbai…   
Here's One AP  Repo er's Harrowing, Pa ly Ironic Experience With  Hawaii False Missile Ale ...…   
Double suicide bombing in  Baghdad kills at least 38 people  city'sTayranSquare    
Muslim Teens Beat Religious Jews, Force Them to Praise Terror Group  Hamas - Geller Repo   Israel...…   
US Kurdish 'border force' plan denounced  Turkey  UnitedStates  president    
Mediatakeout | SHOCK VID: Woman Tries To Leave SALON Without...    
US Kurdish 'border force' plan denounced  president  UnitedStates  Turkey    
Reuters |  President  TayyipErdogan said on Monday the United...  UnitedStates  Turkey  Kurdishmilitia…  
Erdogan says  Turkey will crush 'terror army' in  no hern Syria  President  Kurdishmilitia  TayyipErdogan...…  
Baghdad double suicide bombing kills at least 38 in busy street market  Iraq    
Trump's Attack on  Pakistan Is Great News for  Russian- Pakistani Relations  President  UnitedStates...…  
Terror as 'former pupils' stab eight pupils and one  teacher at school    
Hawaii agency behind false missile ale  getting death threats  FederalCommunicationsCommission…  
Collective Evolution | False flag terrorism, if you don't know about... 
AFP recruiting 5,500 soldiers to fight Dute e's all-out war against commies, terrorists 
Wegen Terror-Bedrohung: Elite-Einheit GSG9 soll stark aufgestockt werden    
/ html/head/meta[  y='og:title']/   SouthFlorida  Trump  federalgovernment  President…  
SkyNews | At least 38 people have died and more...  Baghdad    
Trump asked a 'pretty Korean lady' why she wasn't in  No hKorea negotiations. She was a...    
Trump's  Florida visits increase terrorism risk, Palm Beach County says –  LATimes  President...…   
Suicide attack in  Baghdad kills at least 16, wounds 65 - ministry says 
JusticeMinister: Terror victim should have seen legalization    
Reuters | At least 16 people were killed and 65...  Baghdad    
Entire Al-Nusra military  convoyincludingcarbomb blown sky-high by Russian airstrike in east Idlib  Lebanon...…  
Twin suicide bombers target  Baghdad, killing 26 in popular shopping district  ISIS 
INQUIRER.net |  Pangasinan school holds classes despite spray-painted bomb threat...    
President  TrumpAwardedMedal of  Bravery by Afghan Elders for Standing Up to  Pakistan  DonaldTrump...…  
President  TrumpAwarded Medal of  Bravery by Afghan Elders for Standing Up to  Pakistan  DonaldTrump...…  
Germany's elite unit to grow by a third due to terror fears  head    
US  Ambassador sends personal letter to bereaved widow  RazielShevach  DavidFriedman  UnitedStates…  
JeM Terrorists Gunned Down In Joint Operation - Republic World  Jaish-e-Mohammad  JammuandKashmir…  
The Terror Trailer Teases  RidleyScott’s AMC Horror Series    
Reuters | At least 16 people were killed and 65...  Baghdad    
Bundeswehr-Expe e - „ISIS-Terroristen fliehen in die Wüste“     
Double suicide bombing in  Baghdad takes deadly toll  ISIS  Iraq    
Republic | Four JeM Terrorists Gunned Down In Uri  UriFour    
Suicide attack in  Baghdad kills at least 16, wounds 65: ministry says 
Deradicalisation programs to combat African street gang violence in Victoria | Sky News Australia…  
Dute e wants private talk with  Joma  JoseMariaSison  AlexisRomero  President...    
COGAThead: The  Israeli brain has found a solution for all terror tunnels  Egypt  Hamas  IsraelAirForce…  
Brain Dead Lefties Blame Trump for False Missile Ale   president    
Man used kidnapped boy as shield in 30-hour standoff: cops  sheriff  WESTCHESTER  Ohio    
Bennett: The tunnel threat will pass within a year  yearEducationMinister    
Bank  Indonesia: Do Not Sell, Buy, Trade Cryptocurrency  officialadministrator  Governor... 
The  JerusalemPost /   m |    America should have learned that the  PalestinianAuthority......…   
Bank Indonesia: Do Not Sell, Buy, Trade Cryptocurrency  Governor  Indonesia’scentralbank  peer-to-peer...…   
‘Thank God For This Experience’: How One Hawaiian Family Turned 38 Minutes Of Terror Into A Moment Of...…  
The Truth About The Red Scare  nutritionalproducts  UNDERGROUND  :Web  socialmedia  FACEBOOK...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Netanyahu in  India warns  IslamicJihad,  Hamas amid strike on terror tunnel  PrimeMinister 
Army Times | ERDOGAN: “We expect (the U.S.) to suppo  Turkey...  UnitedStates    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Marine Corps Times | ERDOGAN: “We expect (the U.S.) to suppo  Turkey...  UnitedStatesMarineCorps...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
2 Million Rounds Of Ammo That ‘Went Missing’ Under Obama Turns Up In Enemy Hands    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Yanki יענקי פרבר on Twitter    
Machete attack on British-Israeli victim triggers UK probe into funds for Palestinian terrorism - Geller...…  
Q ANON 'BEWARE OF FALSE FLAGS' | ‘TRUST SESSIONS’ | GOWDY PROMOTION? | MSM FAKE NEWS AWARDS    
Turkey plans assault on Kurdish enclave in Syria    
Gunman takes young boy hostage, uses him as ‘human shield’ during 30-hour standoff: Police 
There’s more to fear than the cold in the trailer for AMC’s new horror show, The Terror 
Israeli army official tells Arab media: 'The Jewish mind' found solution to Gaza terror tunnels…  
US urges caution, warns of possible terror attacks in Kosovo 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Stars and Stripes | The United States is warning its citizens to...    
|   The Israeli genius and the Jewish mind found... 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
TheTimes of  Israel | The  IDF general says ' Israeli genius' has devised...    
Liberman vows  Israel will destroy all  Gaza tunnels by end of 2018  IDF    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Latest tunnel strike puts  Hamas leaders in a tough spot with  Cairo  Sinai  Gaza    
The Terror Season 1 Trailer    
BREAKING: AMERICAN TEENAGE WHOM KILLED MUSLIM REFUGEE FOR RAPING HIS 7 YEARS OLD SISTER SENTENCED 30...…  
Angriff auf Kurden-Miliz: Erdogan kündigt Militäroperation in Syrien an - SPIEGEL ONLINE - Politik…  
USembassy cancels visit to Havat Gilad victim's family  Friedman  deputyembassychief  Ambassador...…  
Scope to ramp up heat on  Pakistan to stop cross-border terror:  Armychief - Times of India  timesofindia...…  
Late Night Raid On  Michigan  MosqueNets 11  ISIS Terrorists and More Than 40 Vests - U.S ARMY FOR LIFE...…  
2 Million Rounds Of Ammo That ‘Went Missing’ Under Obama Turns Up In Enemy Hands  Pentagon    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Carbombblast in  Lebanon's  Sidon wounds  Hamas member  leginjury  MohammedHamdan    
Tragedia en el aula II   ColegioAmericanodelNoreste    
This is not a drill  : My 38 minutes of terror in  Hawaii 
TheTimes of  Israel |  Hamas will have hard time explaining how it...  Gaza  Sinai Rnnwqzv
Occupy Democrats | These traitors make terrorists look like amateurs.
NationalPost | “Mr.  Nuttall and Ms. Korody eagerly conspired to...  improvisedexplosivedevices...…  
IDF general: 'Jewish creativity found the solution to  Hamas terror tunnels'  Israel  Coordinator  Gaza…  
Ohio hostage standoff ends after 30 hours with release of boy, 10, and gunman's arrest 
Arutz Sheva - Israel National News | 'The Jewish mind found the solution to  Hamas...  israelnationalnews…  
TheTimes of  Israel | Great news: A  securityguard who was stabbed...  CentralBusStation    
[Video] El llanto de 'Satanás', peligroso delincuente peruano, cuando fue capturado  Albe ZúñigaFacho  Lima…   
PM Narendra Modi to encapsulate making of new, innovative  India in  Davos  PrimeMinister 
13abc | A 10-year-old child is safe after a man...    
'Helpless': Australian describes 38 minutes of terror after  Hawaii false alarm   mobilephones  DanielleSmith…  
Convictions sought for B.C. pair found guilty of terror-related crimes | Metro News  AmandaKorody...…  
Man threatens to shoot passengers on  Greyhound bus  Chicago    
The 'Doublespeak' of Responsible  Encryption    
Amid U.S.- Pakistan Spat, Afghan Refugees Feel Trapped In Unce ainty  Islamabad  UnitedStates  DonaldTrump...…   
Trump reverses Obama’s course on  Iran   President  UnitedStates  RonaldReagan  MiddleEast    
38 minutes of terror in  Hawaii    
The Sun Football |  Anti-terrorpolice rush to Anfield.    
Anti-terror cops called to Anfield before Liverpool v Man City over 'bomb scare'  VirgilvanDijk…  
Terror of life as a Christian in  Egypt is REVEALED  bravebusinessman    
Ursula von der Leyen: Bundesregierung übergibt Militärausrüstung an Jordanien    
Hamas  official in  Lebanon wounded in car bomb  Sidon  Hizballah  Mana Vstation  MohamedHamdan(AbuHamza)...…  
Possibly armed man in custody after  Greyhound bus chase    
Liverpool vs Manchester City hit with bomb scare, after anti-terror police swoop to tear down statue...…   
NY City, T&amp;T go different directions in crime fight  UnitedStates  deputycommissioner  FarisAl-Rawi...…   
Infrastructure destroyed by IAF last night was terror tunnel,  IDF confirms 
ShinBet arrests Israeli for planning  ISIS attacks  carbombattack  HassanTaherShirYusuf    
Police fear  VirgilvanDijk 'BOMB THREAT' at  Liverpool vs Man City - EXCLUSIVE  EXCLUSIVEPOLICE...…  
NewYorkDailyNews | A 33-year-old man was arrested Saturday after he...  Chicago  Greyhound    
Youths drawn to smaller ultra-hardline J&amp;K groups - Times of India  al-Qaeda  TimesofIndiaIndia…  
'Helpless': Australian describes 38 minutes of terror after  Hawaii false alarm   mobilephones  DanielleSmith…  
Brother Of  SanDiego  ISIS Fighter Sentenced To 10 Years For Terrorism  MarchelloDsaunMcCain  DouglasMcCain…  
Arutz Sheva - Israel National News |  Terro unnel demolished    
Bank Indonesia: Do Not Sell, Buy, Trade Cryptocurrency  Governor  AgusMa owardojo... 
Terro unnel demolished  IDF  Hamas    
ABC30 Action News | A suspect is now in custody after a...   
IDF continues demolition of  Hamastunnel bombed Saturday night  PrimeMinister  India  Israel  Netanyahu...…  
Bank Indonesia: Do Not Sell, Buy, Trade Cryptocurrency 
BOMBSHELL! They’re Calling For Obama’s IMMEDIATE Arrest – He Was Just BUSTED Overnight!  DEA...…  
Hawaiians said 'I love yous' and 'goodbyes' thinking they were about to die    
Terror victim to U.K: Are you funding my attackers?   KayWilson  PalestinianAuthority  KristineLuken...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Democrats for Trump on  Twitter  InternalRevenueService    
NEW Q POSTS! 1/13/2018 Hold the Military's pay hostage  Edition.    
Ryan Incites Fellow Racists On  CNN to Disrupt Businesses to   Get Trump   
World War 3:  Hawaii governor ‘calls on Trump’ to CONFRONT  No hKorea to prevent crisis  Governor...…  
The Daily Caller |  MarchelloDsaunMcCain, brother of  SanDiegoIslamic...  DouglasMcCain  dailycaller…   
Terrified patient treated like ‘transphobic bigot’  NHS    
Fox News | A Greyhound Bus passenger accused of threatening to...    
Fundamentally Freund: Time to impose sanctions on the  PalestinianTerrorAuthority    
12 EMPRESAS que DOMINARON EL MUNDO y  YANO EXISTEN  www.facebook.com/TuCosmopolis/?fref=ts...…  
Sign To  ShameTrump For His   Shit Hole Countries   Remark!  Norway  UnitedKingdom  Housesubcommittee...…   
The Terror: 'This Place Wants Us Dead' Season Premiere Official Trailer  AMCYouTubeChannel  Twitter...…  
CBC News | Senator  PeterHarder, the  Trudeaugovernment's  representative in...  Senate 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
A Man Is Holding a 10-Year-Old Boy Hostage And Firing at Officers, Police Say  TimeMagazine  Ohio...…   
The  JerusalemPost /   m | OPINION: There is no reason for the Jewish...  Pennsylvania…  
The world goes nuts as  JerrySeinfeld visits an anti-Islamic terror  Israeli training facility with his...…  
‘I hid in the garage with my kids’  Hawaii    
‘I hid in the garage with my kids’  Hawaii    
CBC News |  Myanmar'smilitary said earlier this week that its...    
Notas de Victor Frankenstein    
Will Trump Will Dive  Funds From Anti-Terrorism To Close Pot Shops? Cannabis CEO's Hope Not.…  
The Times of Israel | In its statement, the army added, “The Hamas... 
Israeli jets targets ‘terror infrastructure’ in southern Gaza    
Israeli Air Force attacks terror infrastructure in Gaza    
Arutz Sheva - Israel National News | Israeli Air Force attacks terror infrastructure in Gaza...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
A Man Is Holding a 10-Year-Old Boy Hostage and Firing at Officers, Police Say 
Daily Mail | After 'faking a hostage situation in 911 call'...    
Hawaii Agency Accidentally Sends Out Missile Warning and Creates Mass Panic on Twitter    
USC  Professor  TellsStudents that 'Israeli Zionists' Are 'Terrorists' - Breitba 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Terror In Paradise: I Braced for Nuclear Impact In  Hawaii    
TheBlaze | Wow...the nerve of these terrorists.    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
| Palestinians claim this is the eighth such incident...    
Phim Ca Nhạc Hài Giang Hồ Chợ Mới -  ThanhTân, Xuân Nghị, Duy Phước [Tập 1]  GiaTu  Assistant...…   
TheGuardian | “It’s an unacceptable action. There are forums for...    
Fresnopolice shoot suspect accused of domestic violence, child hostage  officer 
ABC30 Action News | A  Fresnopolice  officer shot and injured a...    
Brennende Autos dank Indymedia: Linksextremistischer Terror geht weiter    
This JDM Jimny Could Be Your Tiny Turbo Terror  SuzukiJimny    
Brennende Autos dank Indymedia: Linksextremistischer Terror geht weiter    
‘Will I be next?' Terror of life as a Christian in  Egypt REVEALED  BRAVEbusinessman   Td  
Denmark faces ‘serious’ terrorism risk – Security  &amp;Intelligence agency...    
Israel: 2 Muslim women, 19, charged with joining ISIS, plotting New Year’s terror attack - Geller Repo …   
Tennessee: Christian university submits to terror-linked CAIR, cancels speakers critical of Islam  America…   
The  PalestinianTerrorPa y: Celebrating Murder  PalestinianAuthority    
Indian-origin boy jailed for trying to buy car bomb to kill father in UK - Republic World  UKcou ...…  
Palace: Excellent trust is result of political will -  PresidentialCommunicationsOperationsOffice...…  
Brexit must not undermine European security   MiddleEast  Russia    
ISIS militants fleeing  Syria leave behind a valuable trove of intelligence    
No US unilateral action in  Pakistan despite Trump's hostile tweets  UnitedStates  depsitePresident...…  
Der Terror nimmt kein Ende! Mann findet Stecknadel in seiner Wurst    
Outraged  CNN Expe : ‘I’m A Proud Sh*tholer!’ (VIDEO)  liberalmedia  DonaldTrump  Haiti  President...…  
Hungary retrial highlights 'vilification of refugees'  Serbia    
Trump calls  USintelligence expe  'pretty Korean lady'  UnitedStates  NBC  President  advisor  DonaldTrump...…  
The  C.I.A.’s Maddening Relationship with  Pakistan    
Statement by the  President on the  Iran Nuclear Deal  BasharalAssad  Hizballah  Hamas  MiddleEast…  
A terrorist is just a terrorist: MoS PMO Dr.  JitendraSingh on PDP MLA's comment - Republic World  Minister...…  
Republic |   Terrorism is to be dealt in the way... Wh 
Repo : Trump asked why   pretty Korean lady   hostage expe  wasn't negotiating with  No hKorea  NBC  analyst…   
Christian university nixes ‘anti-Islam’ event for terror-tied group   TreveccaNazareneUniversity...…  
Proud to be an American | An  onlinepetition is asking  President  Trump to label Black Lives Matter a...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Bombing and smashed windshields among threats against  Calgary nude swimming event  NaheedNenshi  Mayor…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
MACHINEHEAD -   Bastards   Poetry Slam (OFFICIAL VIDEO)  RobbFlynn  APPLE  politician  RevolverHQ...…   oF 
Trump's Immigration Slurs Make  America Less Safe  president    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Republicans admit CHIP is a budget hostage, say they disagree, won't do anything about it  Congress…   
What Ma in Luther King, Jr. Would Say About White People and Their 'Shithole' Silence... 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Tommy Robinson's Friday Fatwa: Terror Convictions in Derby, and Allotment Hea break   
Bogus Claim on Mosque Raid -  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trudeau defends Joshua Boyle photo-op, has ‘no memories’ of meeting Boyle in 2006 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Terrorism charges against Ottawa professor dropped in France    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Student bought deadly car bomb to murder parents    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
From Nazi women and Khadrs to Star Wars and to ure: A look at Joshua Boyle's vast Wikipedia edits…  
The Hill | President Trump repo edly called a US-born intelligence analyst...    
Rückkehrer aus Syrien und Irak - Nur wenige Terror-Unterstützer in Deutschland in Haft    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trump asked why 'pretty Korean lady' who briefed him on hostages wasn't negotiating with No h Korea: Repo …  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Fake Dearborn story making rounds on ‘fake news’ sites    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Moment police officer screams in terror as thug tears chunks out of her hair    
India set to push Pakistan to curb terror funding at Paris meet - Times of India    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Video: Terrorists capable of launching attacks all over the world with drones –  Russian MoD...…  
American “Brotherhood” Furious,  Judge Reverses Decision As Muslim Group Back On Trial In Terror Link…   
Conservative Tribune | Apparently, his  Iran deal was more impo ant that... 
26/11 survivor  MosheHoltzberg to visit  ChabadHousein Mumbai next week -  TimesofIndia  NEWDELHI…  
From Nazi women and Khadrs to Star Wars and to ure: A look at Joshua Boyle’s vast Wikipedia edits...…  
Pakistanarmy  chief says nation felt   DonaldTrump  UnitedStates  President  Pakistan'sarmy    
UK:  ISIS-suppo ing Muslim couple found guilty of plotting  Christmas jihad massacre after meeting on...…  
TheWallStreetJournal | “Like our  president, I’m tired of P.C. politicians...  Ma haMcSally  Senate...…   
BREAKING: UK national arrested for ‘preparing acts of terrorism’ at Heathrow  SkyNews  AddisAbaba...…  
French cou s drop terror allegations against  Ottawa prof  HassanDiab  prisonFriday  professor...…  
Outraged  CNN Expe :   I'm a Proud Sh*tholer!   (VIDEO)  President  Haiti  CentralAmerica  liberalmedia...…   
Outraged  CNN Contributor:   I'm a Proud Sh*tholer!   (VIDEO)  liberalmedia  President  DonaldTrump...…   
Terrorpolice arrest woman at  HeathrowAirpo   ScotlandYard    
CNNPhilippines | It warned its citizens not to travel to...  Sulu  MarawiCity  SuluSea    
UK Lawmaker Seeks to Probe Taxpayer Funds Gifted to Palestinian Terrorists  UnitedKingdom    
Upsocl Video | ¡¡UNA SERPIENTE EN EL BAÑOOOOO... QUÉ TERROR!! ????...  YouTube    
UK hostage kidnapper killed in  Nigeria  gangleader  UnitedKingdom    
Woman stabbed 13 times by   Palestinian   jihadis asks:   Is the UK funding the terrorists who tried to murder...…   
¡Prepárese! Este video de terror lo hará gritar del miedo |  BLURadio    
TheTimes of  Israel | Manhunt for terrorists behind Tuesday's no hern  WestBank...    
INQUIRER.net | Malacañang on Friday said the defeat of the...  President  MarawiCity  RodrigoDute e…  
Turkey warns citizens against US travel over security  travelplans  UnitedStates    
Why did my husband have to die for us to get  electricity and water?  WestBankoutpostofHavatGilad  WestBank...…  
CNNPhilippines | The U.S. warned its citizens not to travel...  MarawiCity  SuluSea  Sulu  UnitedStates…  
'Is the UK funding the terrorists who tried to murder me?'  UnitedKingdom    
WATCH: This Is Probably The Best 9/11 Video You'll Ever See |  
MACHINEHEAD - Bastards (OFFICIAL TRACK)  politician  Amazon  SPOTIFY  YouTube  RegencyBallroom...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
IMDb |  JonHamm and  RosamundPike lead a hostage... Beirut    
Proud to be an American | A new  WhiteHouse petition is asking  President...  Trump    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Sign To  ShameTrump For His   Shit Hole Countries   Remark!  CNN  ElSalvador  General  robe e.lee...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
ShannonWatts on  Twitter  Africa    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
TheJerusalemPost /   m | Rabbi  Shevach was murdered in a terror attack...  JerusalemPost…  
WATCH:  GabrielleUnion plays bad ass mom in new film 'Breaking In'    
| There's a link between economy and security, and...  militaryleader…   
British schoolgirl who fled to JOIN  ISIS in  Syria now wants to return home to the UK  UnitedKingdom  Turkey…  
Section 702 authorizes spying. Why is it so controversial?  federallaw  Internetcommunications  DonaldTrump...…  
The Looming Tower Trailer (Official) • A Hulu Original    
STORM WATCH JANUARY 11th, 2018 | SESSIONS HAWKS TERRORISTS | ASSANGE NOW IN ECUADOR | MS-13 RAIDS…   
Muslim ‘Charity’ Event Gives Taxpayer Funds To Terrorists, Jihadi Boasts As $10 Million Bounty Ignored…   
British-Israeli victim triggers UK probe into funds for Palestinian terrorism    
Girl raped and murdered in Pakistan had been held captive    
Patty Hearst Blasts TV, Film Projects for Romanticizing Her 'Rape and To ure' 
IG: Obama's ICE 'Missed Oppo unities' to Arrest High-Risk Terror-Linked Aliens    
Breaking In - Official Trailer [HD]    
TMZ | Patty Hearst won't be involved in any film...    
COMO EU COMPRO ROUPAS SÓ DUAS VEZES AO ANO? Primeiro episódio completo | DETOX DO GUARDA-ROUPA…  
Former Nuclear Launch Officers Warn Congress: Trump Should Not Have 'Absolute Power to Destroy Nations'…  
Opposition Leader writes PM requesting meeting to address combating crime    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
This is what the inside of an ISIS car bomb looks like    
Ma in Freeman Gets Spooky in GHOST STORIES Trailer | Nerdist    
Former nuclear launch officers ask Congress to rein in Trump's authority to use the bomb    
Video: Russia Returns Christmas to Syria – Christians Free to Celebrate Nativity Safe From Islamic Terror…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
France: Cou  can't agree on Muslims fired for beard length    
Mother of jihad-terror victim opposes the designation of National Day against Islamophobia in Canada,...…   
Trump DOJ establishes team to probe Hezbollah narcoterror . . . the stuff Obama ignored to get his Iran deal…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
AttorneyGeneral Sessions Announces Hezbollah Financing and Narcoterrorism Team  Hizballah...…  
Republic |   CongHinduTerrorSham | When people from SIMI join...  MohdSaqeeb  StatePresident  Congress…  
Republic |   CongHinduTerrorSham | The problem is when Rahul...  theUSAmbassador  Lawyer  RahulGandhi...…  
Trump bashes FISA bill, then suppo s it, in baffling  Twitter tirade  JonathanChait  AndrewNapolitano...…   
Beatrix von Storch | 32% der DeutschtÃ¼rken stimmen in einer Umfrage der...    
NewYork  Mayor  LightsUp  EmpireStateBuilding To Announce Dumbest Plan Ever  NewYorkCity  BilldeBlasio…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Republic |   I am agreeing that talks took place and... 
Repo : Terror Attacks Tripled After Trump’s  Jerusalem Recognition  Israel  WestBank    
PalestinianAuthority paid jihad terrorists and their families nearly $350 million in 2017    
There's A Good Reason Feds Don't Call White Guys Terrorists, Says  DOJ  DomesticTerrorChief  lawenforcement...…   
WHOA: Obama Admin May Have Warned Terrorist  Leader of Israeli Assassination Plot as Exposed by Chatty...…  
Mrs.  Butterwo h's Bottle Central To Terrifying LSD Experience  UniversityofGeorgia  ATHENS  Georgia...…  
Germany: Muslim 18-year-old incited Muslim 12-year-old to plot jihad bombing at  Christmas market - Geller...…  
Stellaris: Apocalypse - Expansion Reveal Teaser  Facebook  socialmedia  YouTube  titancapital  Twitter…   0vwaHM
Repo :  Hamas Gets New  WestBank Terror Chief  Salehal-Arouri  MaherObeid  newwestbank...    
| Syrien und Irak kehren derzeit wieder zu einem...    
MEA confirms  India, Pak NSAs met in  Thailand in December to discuss terror - Times of  India  Pakistan...…   
SHOCK: Former Obama Official  HintsAdmin Warned Terrorist That  Israel Was Going To Assassinate Him...…  
Bereaved widow to PM: 'We want to live here as proud Jews'  PrimeMinister    
US  Ambassador  Friedman: Palestinian incitement is the reason there is no peace  UnitedStates...…  
Late Night Raid On  Michigan  MosqueNets 11  ISIS Terrorists and More Than 40 Vests  America  VestsAmosque...…  
PH sees fight ahead over terror tag vs Reds  CommunistPa yofthePhilippines  NewPeople'sArmy...…  
Don’t succumb to US pressure: JeM  chief  MasoodAzhar to  Pakistan - Republic World  HafizSaeed...…  
Pakistan suspends intelligence, military cooperation with  UnitedStates - Republic World 
Trump bringt seine Privatarmee mit    
Watch: BJP &amp; Siddaramaiah at loggerheads over  CongHinduTerrorSham - Republic World    
Brit woman butchered by Palestinian terrorists demands probe as UK aid ‘used on prisoners'...…  
Very Quietly, Justice Dept. Charges White Supremacist With Domestic Terrorism 
Long trial expected in declaring CPP-NPA as terror group  NewPeople'sArmy  Depa mentofJustice...…  
Republic |  Pakistan's Terror Plan EXPOSED, Secret Bunkers Caught On... 
Late Night Raid On  Michigan  MosqueNets 11  ISIS Terrorists and More Than 40 Vests...    
Republic | For Mehbooba Mufti''s MLA, Terrorists Are Ma yrs 
UnitedStates issues new advisory, asks citizens to 'reconsider travel' to  Pakistan 
PalestinianAuthority Paid Terrorists $350 MILLION In 2017  AvigdorLiberman  DefenseMinister  Israel…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
PDP MLA makes controversial remark; terms terrorists as ‘ma yrs’ - Republic World  JammuandKashmir…  
Republic | WATCH: PDP MLA  AjazAhmed eulogises terrorists    
USgovernment asks citizens to reconsider travel to  Pakistan - Republic World  UnitedStates    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Grand jury indicts Akayed Ullah on terror charge for subway bomb    
NBC News | Akayed Ullah, a Bangladeshi immigrant who has worked...  taxidriver 
BJPandRSS members are like terrorists: CM  Siddaramaiah -  TimesofIndia  RSSandBajrangDal  Chiefminister…   kVwmj 
PoliticusUSA |  LawrenceO'Donnell perfectly captures the tightening noose around...  Russia  President...…  
JerrySeinfeld slammed for visiting 'anti-terror fantasy camp' in  WestBank  socialmediausers…  
Lawrence O' DonnellInspiresGoosebumps As He Explains The Growing  Russia Terror Of Trump  President…  
Ways to make Pak act against terrorists to dominate Modi-Trump meeting — Indian Defence Update  DonaldTrump...…  
Late Night Raid On  Michigan  MosqueNets 11  ISIS Terrorists and More Than 40 Vests  VestsAmosque...…  
Suspected LeT terrorist involved in 2000 Red Fo  attack held - Republic World  DelhiIndiraGandhiairpo ...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Why Is The FBI Afraid Of  Encryption?  FederalBureauofInvestigation    
How to successfully stop illegal immigration: Follow  Israel’s model    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
BuzzFeed Brasil | Só um verdadeiro fã de terror já viu...    
HIM TOO? Alleged 9/11 Mastermind  KhalidSheikhMohammedSays He Was 'Sexually Harassed' At GitMo  GuantanamoBay…  
Daily Wire | Terror attack plotters claimed in  cou Tuesday that...    
¡El MEJOR juego de SCP!    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
BBC Continue to Show Terrorist FAKE Films in Sympathy with Terrorists    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Neon Nettle | The Trump administration's airstrikes have destroyed vast amounts...    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Times of Israel | “The Palestinian Authority pays over a billion shekels...    
Why Donald Trump is so kind to Israel?    
Winning: Trump Airstrikes Targeting Heroin Driving Taliban to Find Alternative Funding    
Armed Suspect Takes Hostage, Then Dies After Being Shot Multiple Times by Pizza Store Manager…   
FLASHBACK: Oprah on Ending Racism: Old White People ‘Have to Die’    
2000 Red Fo  terror attack suspect nabbed at Delhi's IGI Airpo  - Times of India    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Terror at Ritz Paris as 'masked attackers with guns steal £4m in jewellery'    
No red flags raised over meeting with freed hostage Boyle, PM suggests 
Federal Judge Shuts Down Trump’s Inhumane Attack On Obama's DACA Program h9nW4KR
USA TODAY | C is for crime, T is for terrorism... 
Seinfield Takes Family to Vacation in Israel, Learns How to Fight Terrorists 
Hailing West Bank shooting, Hamas warns of more attacks to come 
Late Night Raid On Michigan Mosque Nets 11 ISIS Terrorists and More Than 40 Vests    
Palestinians Murder Rabbi Who Is Father Of Six. Murderer Will Be Well-Compensated By Palestinian Authority.…  
Republic | Gujarat ATS and Special Cell of Delhi Police...    
Red Fo  terror attack suspect detained at Delhi airpo  - Republic World    
Misael - Longe do Fim [Official Video]    
Israeli Legislation Aims To Hit  PalestinianAuthority For Paying Terrorists Hundreds Of Millions Each Year...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
La dramática denuncia de una joven que sufrió tocaciones en el Trans Antofagasta | Diario Antofagasta.cl...…  
Not Funny:  JerrySeinfeld Visits Israeli 'Terror Fantasy Camp' in  WestBank  comedian    
Mumbai terror attacks mastermind  HafizSaeed incited jihad in UK in 1990s:  BBC repo  - Times of India...…  
Republic |   BanPFI DEMAND | Should PFI be banned...    
How  Israel makes mischief in  MiddleEast: Details about a secret pro- ISIS conference which was held in...…  
Army hits NPA terrorists in  Bukidnon  Kalashnikov  403rdInfantryBrigade  NewPeople’sArmy    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
PFI Terror Link Exposed, Republic Accesses NIA Chargesheet - Republic World  SocialDemocraticPa yofIndia…   
Cou  decimates Trump’s racist plan to hold children hostage for a border wall    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Republic |  Congress Against Ban On Terror Link PFI?    
Damore Lawsuit Highlights  Google's Links to 'Antifa' Domestic Terrorists - Breitba 
Christians in  Egypt face unprecedented persecution, repo  says  Iraq  Syria 
Germany won’t depo  convicted jihadi because it’s against his human rights  Syria    
Sofiaairpo  evacuated due to bomb threat - repo s   Bulgaria    
Schüsse auf Deniz Naki: Terror in Deutschland 
Terror in  Israel, as Rabbi and Father of 6 Killed - Geller Repo  
New  ISIS rules require female animals to wear burka  Islamist    
Arutz Sheva - Israel National News | Funeral of Samaria terror victim Rabbi Raziel Shevach...…  
TheTimes of  Israel |   An  Israeli father of six was killed last...  Hamas 
Samaria mourns: Funeral of Samaria terror victim Rabbi  RazielShevach    
After terror attack, US  ambassador accuses Palestinians of preventing peace  UnitedStates  Hamas...…   
US  ambassador: Terror attack, Palestinian reactions are why there's no peace  UnitedStates...…   
After terror attack, Israeli ministers call to legalize  WestBank outpost that victim called home...…   
China,  France promise cooperation on climate, security  EmmanuelMacron  President 
'We must dismantle the  PalestinianAuthority'  Israel  DerechChaimMovement    
Military aid to  Pakistan not cut-off, just suspended: US - Republic World  UnitedStates 
Pushing for a more diverse dancefloor | The  JapanTimes    
Widow vows to bury slain rabbi  RazielShevach at illegal outpost    
Antifa-Terror geht weiter: Auto in Bremen abgefackelt    
'Our main task is to find terror cell and arrest its members'  IDF  ChiefofStaff  GadiEizenkot…  
After terror attack,  Israelarmy surrounds West Bank city of  Nablus 
Terror victim to be buried at Havat Gilad  Israel    
Remains of missing soldier in Marawi found, given military honors  AlejandroBalean  director  IliganCity...…   
Lügenpresse | FPÖ wirkt. Noch Unter rot-grün hätten wir gewiss...    
Republic |  Hafiz SaeedMastermind Behind Terror In UK  UnitedKingdom    
ABC7 |  TylerBarriss has already been accused of making...  Kansas  Canada  Calgary    
Palestinians paid terrorists almost $350 million in 2017  Israeligovernment    
Terror victim Raziel Shevach remembered as unique, kindhea ed man 
Plan to deal with returning  ISIS fighters sparks fiery exchange between Scheer, PM  AndrewScheer...…   
Presence of foreign terrorists remain a challenge in PH  Maguindanao    
Late Night Raid On  Michigan  MosqueNets 11  ISIS Terrorists and More Than 40 Vests    
A Strange Coincidence  :  US  Spy Plane Circled Near Russian Base During Massive Drone Attack | Zero Hedge...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
WATCH: The Tick Returns in Midseason Trailer for Amazon Series    
No red flags raised over meeting with freed hostage  JoshuaBoyle, Trudeau suggests  PrimeMinister…   
Salon | Trump has made terrorism a priority for his...    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Descargar MURDERED Soul Suspect |NUEVA ACTUALIZACIÓN| Pc Full En Español 1 Link [MEGA]...    
The  DOJ just charged a Neo-Nazi with terrorism -- why so quiet, Trump? - Being Liberal  Depa mentofJustice…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Liberals Melt Down Over Seinfeld’s  Suppo  For  Israel’s Anti-Terror Effo s    
Cebu  mayor: Sinulog 2018 will be the strictest  CEBUCity  improvisedexplosivedevice  TomasOsmeña…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
TheTimes of  Israel | “A number of actions were decided upon in...  Nablus  army  israela    
BREAKING:  JuliaRobe s To  CelineDion: “You’re Wrong Celine The U.S Was Destroyed By Obama And Muslim...…  
Neo-Nazi charged with terrorism in attempt to wreck Amtrak train, complaint says  Charlottesville...…   
Trumpadministration quietly files terrorism charges against a white supremacist  Depa mentofJustice...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
**BOMBSHELL* There Were 5 Emails On Hillary’s Server With Details On How To Murder Chris Stevens…HERE THEY ARE…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Six in cou  on terror group charges    
White Supremacist Tried to Commit an Act of Terrorism, and Government Didn't Tell Anyone 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Justin Trudeau not saying if he has regrets over Joshua Boyle meeting    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Father of 5 seriously injured in Shomron terror attack - Israel National News    
Sessions' DOJ Charged A White Supremacist With Terrorism. They Just Didn't Tell Anyone. — HuffPost…  
Israeli severely injured in terror attack in Samaria district    
God Is Great: Hamas Leader Accidentally Shoots Himself, Now In Critical Condition 
Israeli man seriously injured in West Bank drive-by shooting attack    
UK's head of counter-terrorism policing Mark Rowley steps down    
U.S. Sees Spike in Homegrown Jihad-Terror Cases - Geller Repo 
Initial repo s: Shooting attack at Havat Gilad in Samaria    
BREAKING NEWS: Jordan captures ISIS cell plotting “massive” terror attack on the kingdom. News comes as...…  
Pelosi Reneges, GOP Power Play As DACA Vote “Hostage” Scheme Gets What Is Coming 
France: Kosher Supermarket Burned Down on Anniversary of Jihad-Terror Attacks - Geller Repo …  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
ANTIFA TERRORISTS Target Random Small Businesses in  Atlanta, Admit to Smashing Windows, Vandalism...…   
BritainFirst's Jayda Fransen to face trial over anti-terror rally comments  far-right  Belfast  deputyleader…  
How to Successfully Stop Illegal Immigration: Follow  Israel’s Model  EILAT    
ANTIFA TERRORISTS Target Random Small Businesses in  Atlanta, Admit to Smashing Windows, Vandalism...…   
Muslims Condemn 'Terrorist' Label, Seek Fair Po rayal in  Nigerian Media - Geller Repo   fellowmediamembers…   
Breitba  | An Eritrean asylum seeker and his British Muslim...  Christmas    
Netanyahu:  Israel thwa ed 'major' terror attacks in  Europe involving planes  ISIS    
TheJerusalemPost /   m | The terrorism pay-scale is disturbing to say the...  JerusalemPost…  
PalestinianAuthority paid terrorists nearly $350 million in 2017  DefenseMinistry  Pennsylvania…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Win the war on terror with Lansdale's Cold-War era 'friendly persuasion': Max Boot  America    
Drones used by  Syrian terrorists ‘require advanced training’ – Russian MoD in response to US...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Paris kosher shop attacked by arsonists on  terrorattackanniversary    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Six in cou  on terror group charges  NationalAction    
Crowdfunding to face more stringent regulation under changes to Charities Act  UnitedStates  Minister...…  
Republicans still holding Dreamers' futures hostage as critical deadline nears  UnitedStates    
Mapping a world from hell: 76 countries now involved in US ‘war on terror’  Asia    
Strict Muslim Asylum Seeker and Dating Website Pa ner Convicted of Bomb and Poison Plot  Christmas…  
Madrassas have produced terrorists: Muslim body  chief - Times of India  timesofindia  bodychief  NEWDELHI…  
Keine   Terror-Anklage  : Mord-Prozess gegen Edeka-Killer von Hamburg-Barmbek beginnt am Freitag…   
Asylum seeker guilty of plotting  ISIS terror attack in UK  UnitedKingdom    
Singapore Dollar and Bitcoin the Same Under AML/CFT Laws:  DeputyPM  deputyprimeminister...    
Vice  President  MikePence to Travel to  Egypt,  Jordan, and  Israel | The White House  MiddleEast...…   
The Australian | Police have asked bars and clubs in  Brisbane...    
Clubs asked to stock terror kit  stategovernment  Brisbane Dnz5X9
Making of Tiger Zinda Hai in  Morocco |  SalmanKhan |  KatrinaKaif |  AliAbbasZafar  AdityaChopraMusic...…  
OmarAbdullah demeans  IndianArmy’s anti-terrorism operations in Jammu- Kashmir - Republic World...…  
Republic | Watch: 'There's nothing to be proud of in...  IndianArmy  OmarAbdullah  Kashmir    
POLITICO | “[R]ight now, the Democrats are holding that deal...  Texas  JohnCornyn  SenateMajorityWhip…   
PA spent over 1.2 billion shekels promoting terrorism in 2017  DefenseMinistry  PalestinianAuthority  Israel…  
Black Nazarene procession secured tightly amid terror fears  Philippines  statueofJesusChrist  JimGomez...…  
Bitcoin can help terrorists secretly fund their deadly attacks  techmoneylaunderingdevice    
Mattis on  America's enemies: 'I don't have concerns. I create them.' |  American Military News  Twitter...…  
Republic | Encounter Between Forces And Terrorists In Anantnag    
TheJerusalemPost /   m | Is worldwide terrorism on the decline?  JerusalemPost…  
From Terror Stricken to Rage – Thanks Theresa May    
Anantnag Encounter: Two terrorists killed by security forces - Republic World    
Republic |  IndianArmy strikes back, 2 terrorists killed in... 
IDF foils roadside ambush    
Teen  TellsCopsShe's Being Held Hostage. Then Cops Find Coach in Car with Next Victim  California…  
Aviation Photo  4779989:  Boeing727-223 - Untitled  OFFAIRPO   UnitedStates  NewMexico    
Muslim Dating Site Hookup Leads To Arrest After Police Discover Terror Plot    
'Stop Harboring Terrorists': CIA  Chief  WarnsPak - Republic World  CentralIntelligenceAgency  UnitedStates...…  
Lorenzana: Military verifying repo s of foreign terrorists in Mindanao  Philippinemilitary    
JerrySeinfeld Takes ' ShootingTraining' at  WestBank Anti-Terror Fantasy Camp  Israel  comedian…  
Marawi soldiers 'real' Filipinos of the Year 2017 - Bongbong Marcos  Ferdinand  Bongbong  MarcosJr.  MarawiCity…   
Bereaved mother: 'It's a mistake to give  Gaza back its  electricity'  Israeligovernment  2015-00-00...…  
Democrats Holding Spending Bill Hostage Over DACA    
WATCH: “Muslim Army” Caught Hiding in America. They’re Arming for WAR Against Trump.    
Teen girl drugged, forced to sleep with 20 men during five-day hostage hell escapes captors in her...…   
Terror en el puente Chaco-Corrientes  WalterAlejandroLenkovich  RíoParaná    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Stoking national insecurity: African gangs just the latest ruse    
US ‘concerned’ that drones used in attacks on Russian bases in  Syria available in ‘open market’  Moscow...…  
US to  Pakistan: Act against terrorism for resumption of aid - Republic World  Pentagon  RobManning...…  
Disgust Follows Pictures of Seinfeld at 'Anti-Terror Fantasy Camp' in Occupied  WestBank  Comedian…  
Isis-suppo ing couple planned  Christmas terror attack after meeting on  onlinedatingsite    
Five men and a woman are charged with belonging to  NationalAction   Oxfordshire  Wolverhampton  Cambridge…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
WATCH: “ MuslimArmy” Caught Hiding in  America. They’re Arming for WAR Against Trump.  lawenforcement...…  
Out of bullets, hero soldier gets creative in decapitating ISIS jihadi  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
McCa hy Warns Pelosi Against Holding Government 'Hostage' Over DACA    
Sessions' DOJ Charged A White Supremacist With Terrorism. They Just Didn't Tell Anyone.    
Police Claim No Terror, No Comment As One Dead, One Injured By Station Object ‘Explosion’ 
| Jerry Seinfeld and family visit anti-terror fantasy camp...    
CDC To Teach US Public How To Prepare For Nuclear War |  
Jerry Seinfeld and family visit anti-terror fantasy camp in West Bank    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Six charged with terror group membership    
The People's Voice | Pakistan’s central bank announced that it would be...    
Historia de terror –  Escritura2018 2/52 – Literatura Digital    
Former Afghanistan hostage Joshua Boyle to appear in Ottawa cou  today    
TERROR COM O VITAS! - Vitas Castle of Horror    
Leave.EU | READ | More Brits said they thought a...    
China opposes US statements linking terrorism to Pakistan    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Opinion | Trump is right to bully America’s enemies    
You Guys Are Not Going To Believe This, But A *White Supremacist Was Actually Charged With Terrorism*…   
The Casanova and his lover behind terror plot    
Couple are found guilty of plotting ISIS-inspired terror attack    
Judge Reinstates Hamas/American Muslims for Palestine Terror Lawsuit - Geller Repo 
After Trump, CIA chief accuses Pakistan of providing safe havens to terrorists 
Lonely hea s jihadist couple guilty of bomb terror plot    
Jihadi bought bomb kit in Asda for 'Mother of Satan' UK Xmas terror attack    
Joshua Boyle case adjourned a second time, date for bail hearing unclear 
JoshuaBoyle case adjourned a second time as lawyers ask for more time for bail plans    
Special Forces Soldier Shares Turret Video, We Spotted His Trump Tribute  DonaldTrump  PopularMilitary...…   
Watch:  BorderPolice capture  ISIS terrorists in  southern Israel 
Couple guilty of plotting terror attack  Derby  London    
Couple guilty of plotting terror attack  London  Derby    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Pres.  Trump's No Fear Policy on  Pakistan  Pakistanigovernment  America  Washington  UnitedStates  President…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
U.S. places  Pakistan on watch list for religious freedom violations - Geller Repo   Islamabad  WhiteHouse...…  
POTUS: Lord  Maste roll,  COVFEFE Origins Anything But Misstatements,  Fou hTuning Prescience  LionelBio...…   
China against US 'Finger pointing' at  Pakistan on terror: official - Republic World  UnitedStates…  
Republic |  China Backs Terror State Pakistan Again    
Republic |  Pakistan has made impo ant sacrifices and contributions to...  China    
ISIS increasing its foothold in  Pakistan: repo  - Republic World    
Opposed to US 'finger-pointing' at  Pakistan on terror-related issues:  China - Times of India...…  
Republic |  China Backs Terror State Pakistan Again    
Fake News: Muslim Doctor Did NOT Refuse To Save A Christian Man's Life On Flight From New York To Las Vegas  
2 Bedouin women, 19, charged with joining IS, plotting New Year’s terror attack  NewYear'sDay...…   
Finger-Pointing At Pak Not OK:  China On Trump's   Lies And Deceit   Tweet  Pakistan  UnitedStates…   
Former  Afghanistan hostage  JoshuaBoyle to appear in  Ottawacou  on Monday  Taliban  CaitlanColeman…  
USA unterstützen Iran-Proteste, Deutschland blamie  sich 
| Im Iran gehen tausende Menschen auf die Straße...    
Britain more fearful of 2018 terror attack than any other country in new poll  UnitedKingdom  Brits…  
26/11 survivor  MosheHoltzberg emotional about visiting  Mumbai - Times of  India  PrimeMinister...…  
Republic Excl | Hizbul Terrorists to attack political leaders with acid to thwa  Jammu-Kashmir Panchayat...…  
Most Popular 2017 A icles: I Am A  Syrian Living in  Syria: “It was Never a Revolution nor a Civil War....…  
Katy couple sentenced for holding babysitter hostage for 2 years  ChudyNsobundu  SandraNsobundu…  
NBC News | The  SyrianObservatory for Human Rights said the... E1AIgX4
Trumpadministration trying something new for  Pakistan - Jammu Links News  Speaker  Afghanistan  Taliban...…  
DailyMail | Onlookers screamed in terror    
Bremens LKA-Chef und Terror-Expe e Dr. Daniel Heinke - So nehmen wir Salafisten und ihre Frauen ins Visier…  
So gefährlich waren die Pläne des Terror-Teenagers    
Mapping a World From Hell: 76 Countries Are Now Involved in  Washington’s War on Terror  BagramAirBase...…  
KevinRobe sIII% | Three  ISIS terrorists were about to kill a...    
MAKAPIGIL-HININGA: Drug addict, nang-hostage ng isang lalaki sa Muñoz market 
ViktorOrbán:  Europe will restore ‘the will of the people’ on migration in 2018 [video]  PrimeMinister...…  
The Atlantic |   There is a wild joy here, the kind... 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Donald Trump Trying 'Something New' for  Pakistan as Post-9/11 Policies Fail to Work  official...…  
Pakistan Shares Names Of 72 Terror Groups With Its Citizens | TOLOnews  Jaish-e-Mohammed  Taliban…  
BobDutko | Hi folks, Bob here. I’ve compiled a list...  President  Many  RalphReed  WesternWall  Comcast...…   
' Trumpadministration trying something new for  Pakistan' - Times of India  seniorofficial  timesofindia...…  
Israel ‘confiscates’ money from Palestinians in occupied  WestBank and  Jerusalem | Palestine News Today…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Syria monitor: Over 20 killed in Idlib  carbombblast  SyrianObservatory  carbombattack    
The  Democratpa y is now officially a domestic  terrorism group: DNC  DeputyChair endorses Antifa terror...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Civil Relations Service AFP | A member of the NPA terrorists was killed...  Impasugong  RonaldVillanueva...…  
HillaryClinton: “We Created Al Qaeda”. The Protagonists of the “Global War on Terrorism” are the...…  
Syria: 23 dead in explosion at jihadist base    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
How Not to  Repo  on  Iran  CentralIntelligenceAgency  Iraniangovernment    
Pakistan Likely To Keep Open Supply Routes To  Afghanistan  DefenseSecretary    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
BBC News |   The smoke is so thick... it's blocking out... 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
How the Mossad and I took on terrorism financing    
Stockholm subway station blast leaves 1 dead, 1 injured 
USA TODAY | Terrorism was not suspected, said regional police spokesman... 
Siria continúa el terror, Cuatro explosiones de coches bomba 
Texas couple sentenced for holding babysitter hostage for 2 years    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Swedish  SecurityChief  SaysTerror Threat Is ‘New Normal’  SwedishSecurityService  AndersThornberg  BBC...…  
Pakistan' sPM: Aid from US is “very, very insignificant” and  Pakistan is “on the forefront of the war on...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
NewsOne | A white supremacist who was interested in   killing...    
BREAKING: Car Bomb Kills at Least 18 People!    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Blast injures two in  Stockholm; police say no terrorism link    
Katy couple sentenced for holding nanny hostage for 2 years  SandraNsobundu  ChudyNsobundu    
BREAKING: Car Bomb Kills at Least 18 People!    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Muslim Complains Islam Will Be Blamed After Another Muslim Goes on Stabbing Spree  Ireland    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
A drug bust was marred by a suicide bombing in  Kabul. Was it  ISIS, or the ‘mafia’? 
PDI’s selection of a Yellow blogger as ‘Filipino of the Year’ is an insult to the nation...    
How the  NYTimes &amp; U.S. Government Worked Together to Suppress  JamesRisen’s Post-9/11 Repo ing  theShadow...…  
Man dies in  Stockholm blast; police see no terrorism link  Aftonbladet  policespokesman  Aftonbladet...…  
Hamas member dies in ‘accidental explosion’ in  Gaza, terror group says 
Proud to be an American | Three  ISIS terrorists were about to kill a...    
DailyMail | Before his reign of terror    
Proud to be an American | There's a new  WhiteHouse petition asking Trump...    
BREAKING:  ExplosionOn StockholmSubwayStation...    
Austrian teen charged for plotting terror attack with 12-year-old in  Germany | News | DW | 07.01.2018...…  
França recorda os três dias de terror em Paris    
The Haqqani network: one of the world's most  lethalterrorgroups  Taliban  intelligenceservices  al-Qaeda…  
Pakistan Is a Problematic Ally, But Trump Cutting It Off Won’t Change That  UnitedStates 
JalehTavakoli | The terrorism that became the new normal: (Dansk...  Copenhagen  teacher  Europe  Denmark...…  
Reuters | One man died after an explosion outside an...  Stockholm    
Fundamentally Freund: When Trump tweets, let the Palestinians tremble  Afghanistan 
The  JerusalemPost /   m | Let’s go around the room and can everyone...  TheJerusalemPost…  
Repo :  Fatah  Official Met with Hezbollah Terror Chief  AzzamAl-Ahmad  Beirut  leader  Hizballah...…  
Hizb'Allah and  Hamas rank at top of  Forbes'   Richest Terror Groups' list   - Geller Repo   Hizballah...…   
Possible terror attack in Dead Sea    
CTV News | Officials say the blast is not believed to...    
Rohingya Militants in  Myanmar Claim Responsibility for Attack  SalvationArmy    
Kairos het Onvermijdelijke | A Peaceful Revolution would be best...    
ShehbazSharif decries Trump’s remarks on  Pakistan  President  UnitedStates  DonaldTrump...    
UK  DefenceSecretary stands by comments about eliminating Islamic terrorists  MiddleEast  Syria...…  
Explosion at  Stockholm metro station injures two; police say no link to terror    
Israel  chiefrabbi comes out against death penalty for terrorists    
Coptic Christians fear new cathedral in  Egypt will become target for terrorists  ChristCathedral...…  
JoyAceron | Extreme care is in order in making fake...  Singaporegovernment  Singapore  AlJazeerarepo er…  
Counter Current News | It seems wherever he wants to invade is...    
Próximas lecturas y reseñas |    |  SusyXXL Camargo...…  
Palestine reinstates  Ambassador to  Pakistan who shared stage with  HafizSaeed: Pak media repo  | Latest...…  
Days after recall, Palestine reinstates  Pakistan  envoy who shared stage with  HafizSaeed - Times of India...…   
U.N. designated terrorist talks of Pak's anti-terror contributions - Republic World  Pakistan...…  
Trump’s comment on  Pakistan regrettable: Shehbaz Sharif  SharifAddressing    
Macron urges respect of rule of law in talks with Erdogan  ErdoganFrench  EmmanuelMacron  Ankara  Turkey...…  
Rohingya insurgents say they have no option but to fight  Myanmar    
Myanmar's ARSA: Freedom fighters or 'terrorists'?    
Rohingya rebels say 'no option' but to fight after ambush on  Myanmararmy    
Pakistan buckles under US pressure, blacklists  HafizSaeed's JuD, 71 other terror groups  UnitedStates…   
Trump cannot afford to walk away from  Pakistan:  NYTimes  India  China  America    
Pakistan inciting J&amp;K youths against  India, says  RajnathSingh - Times of  India  TimesofIndiaIndia...…   
Osama  binLaden's 12-year-old grandson ‘dies a ma yr’, claims al-Qaida -  TimesofIndia  SouthAsia  al-Qaeda…   
Good Idea  :  President  DonaldTrump On Dive ing US Aid To  Pakistan For This  UnitedStates  Senator…   
Gaza rocket attacks doubled, but terror tally plummeted in 2017, army says  IDF 
Trump backs call for Bill to end all aid to  Pakistan  UnitedStates    
Ayatollah  ToiletFlush Challenge Goes Viral in  Iran (VIDEO)  IslamicRepublicofIran  Mahshahr…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
MuslimBrotherhood Congressman  KeithEllison endorses violent Leftist Antifa group    
Rohingya insurgents say they have no option but to fight  Myanmar    
Significant decrease in number of terror attacks  2017-00-00  IDF    
We Follow A New Force Hunting For Terrorists In The  Philippines ( HBO)  www.fb.com/vicevideo  Twitter...…  
Arutz Sheva - Israel National News | Significant decrease in number of terror attacks    
US seeks to work with  China on issue of terror safe havens in  Pakistan, says  WhiteHouse  official -...…   
Pakistanis To  DonaldTrump: Here's A Cheque For That $33 Billion In Aid  Islamabad  President  AidU.S....…  
Ca oon: Trump takes hostages – Libe y And Justice For All    
Police The Police | If you're more scared of terrorists than police,... 
Man arrested over  No hampton cat deaths as police investigate possible Croydon killer links  UnitedKingdom…  
US policy perpetuates violence in  Honduras  LutherCastillo  NCR  UnitedStates    
Bild | Assads grausamer Terror geht weiter.    
Why the Price of Bitcoin Has Escalated so Quickly ⋆ Tech Talk    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
10 RAZONES MÁS TONTAS para que LAS PERSONAS VAYAN a URGENCIAS A MEDIA NOCHE...    
White Supremacist Charged With Terrorism After Alleged Attempt To Derail Train  Nebraska  Missouri...…  
10+ Times People Did Things For The First Time, And Had The Best Reactions  vi ualreality 
WMUZ 103.5 FM - The Light | Hi folks, Bob here. I’ve compiled a list... 
Arutz Sheva - Israel National News | Chief Rabbi speaks out against death penalty for...  israelnationalnews…  
Chief Rabbi speaks out against death penalty for terrorists  YitzhakYosef  terroristslaw    
LindaSarsour: you have no right to tell us (Muslims) we can’t kill Jews  Facebook  PalestinianTerritories...…  
Black cab rapist  JohnWorboys filmed stripping for bride - and biting her on bum    
Far-right extremists sent to same deradicalisation scheme as potential jihadists    
The Root | FBI has charged a 26-year-old white man with...    
Viktor Orban: 2018 will be the year of restoring the will of the people in Europe    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Kansas 'Swat' Perpetrator Had Already Been To Prison For Fake Bomb Threats - Slashdot    
Geoengineering Watch Global Ale  News, January 6, 2018,  126 ( Dane Wigington ) 
'The Arabs stand and laugh at us'    
WARMINGTON: Former hostage  JoshuaBoyle’s brush with the law at 19    
MSM Headline: “PASSENGERS SCREAM IN TERROR as the Plane Next to Them Catches Fire After Crashing Into Them...…  
CampDavid: Trump Holds DREAMers Hostage For Wall, Ryan Wears Questionable Outfit 
Pakistan attacks US for cutting military aid  Islamabad  UnitedStates  Trump  President    
Video: US suspends aid to  Pakistan demanding ‘decisive actions against terrorism’  UnitedStates  Islamabad...…  
Three years after the  CharlieHebdo terror attacks, the satirical magazine struggles with £1.3m security...…   
White supremacist charged with terrorism on Amtrak train  conductor  TaylorMichaelWilson    
MALCOLM: The reality is we’re up against a global jihadist insurgency  Iraq  Syria    
The puzzling case of a former  Taliban hostage charged with sex assault  JoshuaBoyle  UnitedStates...…  
Trump: ‘The Wall’s Gonna Happen or We’re Not Gonna Have DACA’ (Video)  DonaldTrump  CampDavid…  
Patriot Promotional Page: Patriots Voice | If the Muslim population in Britain was to...  UnitedKingdom…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
FatahMarksAnniversary By Celebrating Terrorists Who Murdered Israelis  thepa y's53rdanniversary...…  
3 Men Allegedly Rape Woman At Gunpoint After Taking Husband, Brother-In-Law Hostage In UP  UttarPradesh...…   
Man with white supremacy ties charged with terrorism in Amtrak case  Nebraska  TaylorWilson    
Pakistan blacklists  HafizSaeed’s JuD, FIF amid US pressure - Times of India  Mumbai  timesofindia...…   
Pakistan PM calls US aid 'insignificant' as Trump threatens to cut it off  UnitedStates  PrimeMinister...…  
Homeless Man Branded Hero After  Manchester Conce  Bombing Convicted of Stealing from Victims  ChrisParker…  
Die ungarische Regierung forde  Anti-Terror-Maßnahmen von Kinderga en und Schulen    
Neo-Nazi Faces Terrorism Charges After Attempting to Derail Amtrak Train  Missouri    
SIM card extracted from failed Fgura car bomb  cardealer  Malta    
TheGuardian |  Pakistan’s prime minister,  ShahidKhaqanAbbasi, has declared...  UnitedStates  PrimeMinister…   
Not Done After Slaying 8 Terrorists, Marine Grabs Bad Guy's Gun, Makes History 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
White Supremacist Charged With Terrorism After Alleged Attempt To Derail Train...   n  
Breitba   London | What Happened in  Sweden:  SecurityService  Chief Says...    
The missing of Raqqa:  familiessearch for loved ones disappeared by  Isis    
HafizSaeed slaps Rs 100 million 'defamation' notice on  Pakdefenceminister - Times of India  Islamabad...…  
DonaldTrump backs proposal to dive  US aid to  Pakistan for infra projects  UnitedStates  Senator  President…  
Schwerer Angriff in Ost-Ghouta - Schock-Bilder aus Syrien    
UnitedAirlines flight dive ed to  Alaska due to passenger's faeces  FederalBureauofInvestigation…  
US suspends over USD 1.1 billion 'security assistance' to  Pakistan for 'harbouring terror groups'...…  
Frase Co a |   VIDEO : Una noche de terror en...  Arequipa  América    
TERROR IN THE BAYOU: 14 Patriots Blown Up By Radical Muslims In  Louisiana  BayouContreau    
What Happened in  Sweden:  SecurityChief  SaysTerror Threat Is 'New Normal'  Director-General...…  
Caruana Galizia awarded by Sicilian foundation   DaphneCaruanaGalizia  DaphneCaruanaGalizia  carbombexplosion…  
Terror attack fears as hundreds of  Brits who fought for  ISIS 'drop off radar'  UnitedKingdom…  
যে ৫ টি দেশের কারনে ২০১৮ সালে পৃথিবী ধ্বংসকারী ৩য় বিশ্বযুদ্ধ হতে পারে || World War 3    
Thank you  President  Trump for identifying  Pakistan as liars about terrorism   HarryTruman  No hKorea…  
Armed Garda patrols cut in bid to reduce ove ime spending    
Get to know closer, what Service AIDA is offering into the market. — Solution. 
Noite de terror em Butiá    
Location of hundreds of  Brits who fled to join terror groups is 'currently unknown'  MiddleEast...…  
Poller gegen Attentäter: Deutsche Städte als Anti-Terror-Festungen - WELT    
France's Macron urges respect of rule of law in talks with Erdogan  President  ErdoganFrench  EmmanuelMacron…  
Erdogan accuses journalists of nu uring terrorists in bizarre  Paris press conference  EmmanuelMacron...…  
Frase Co a |   VIDEO : Una noche de terror en...  América  Arequipa    
Trump Cutting Security Aid to  Pakistan 'Wouldn't Have a Big Impact' -  Author  AmalenduMisra  Afghanistan...…  
| 'Terror doesn’t form by itself. Terror and terrorists...    
Trump Backs Proposal to Spend  Pakistan Aid Money on US Infrastructure Projects  UnitedStates...…  
A House Divided: Dissention Plagues Terror Groups As  ISIS Vows “Tyrant” Death One Of Their Own…  
3 cops killed in IED blast set off by terrorists in J&amp;K - Times of India  TimesofIndiaIndia...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trump Pulls $900 Million From  Pakistan Aid  TWITTER  President  DonaldTrump  Taliban  Reuters…  
Las mejores películas del 2017. Like si viste todas  www.youtube.com/c/victorgonzalezoficialTwitter►...…  
The many winding paths of  JoshuaBoyle  federalcou judge  Afghanistan  ZaynabKhadr  wannabespy…  
DonaldTrump Could Freeze $2 Billion Of  Pakistan Aid Over Terror Safe Havens  USadministration...…  
Aufgedeckt: Sohn von SPD-Vize Ralf Stegner ist Mitglied der linksterroristischen ANTIFA | Michael...…  
NBC News | An armed  Missouri man arrested for pulling the...  Nebraska  westernNebraska    
Up to $2B in aid at risk with Trump suspension of  Pakistan security assistance: officials...…  
The many strange, winding paths of  JoshuaBoyle  federalcou judge  ZaynabKhadr  wannabespy  Afghanistan…   
Pier 39 terror plot suspect pleads not guilty for two federal charges  EverittJameson  SanFrancisco…  
Video: The Biggest Secret:  JamesRisen on Life as a  NYTimes  Repo er in  theShadow of the War on Terror...…  
Alleged White Supremacist Accused Of Terrorism For Trying To Derail Amtrak Train  TaylorM.Wilson  Nebraska…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Suspect indicted in alleged  SanFrancisco terror plot  California  SanFrancisco'sPier  ChristmasDay…  
London Bridge terror victim a secret perv with over 1,000 child abuse images  AdamHarris 
Conservative Tribune | It's official. The DNC aligns itself with domestic...    
FBI charges white supremacist with terrorism on Amtrak train    
BBC News | The Trump administration says it's cutting military aid...    
UK Govt Doesn't Know Where Hundreds of Returned Islamic State Fighters Are    
DNC Keith Ellison Says He Found THE Book That Will   Strike Fear In The Hea    Of Trump - American News…   
The Biggest Secret: James Risen on Life as a NY Times Repo er in the Shadow of the War on Terror…  
White supremacist faces terror charge after stopping Amtrak while armed    
Police say sibling duo and their friends held a 16-year-old hostage, and the details of the “to ure” are...…   
Armed Neo-Nazi Attempted Terror Attack on Amtrak Train, FBI Says 
United flight dive ed after passenger badly soils bathroom with human waste    
Orbán:   Betrachten Sie mich als Ihren Grenzschutzkapitän   
Questions About US Aid to Pakistan Put Focus on Military's Spending    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
San Francisco terror suspect planned to funnel people onto Pier 39 to shoot them, FBI alleges – LA Times…   v9Cv 
Alleged White Supremacist Is Charged With Terrorism After Stopping Amtrak Train PkNt
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
After Susan Rice Tells Trump To 'Be Quiet', Furious Kellyanne Just Put Her In Her Place, It's Awesome…   
US suspends $900m security grant to Pakistan until it tackles Taliban &amp; Haqqani terrorists    
'Very fine' white supremacist who attended Charlottesville rally arrested for Amtrak terror attack…  
FBI: Man with white supremacist ties stopped train in rural Nebraska with intent to harm passengers…  
Suspectedneo-Nazi is charged with terrorism: repo   Illinois  California  TaylorWilson    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
/ html/head/meta[  y='og:title']/   SanFrancisco’sPier  towtruckdriver  SanFrancisco  Christmas…  
Islamic State's Day at the Beach Ruined After F1 Mirage Shows up  DonaldTrump  Si e  President...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
FBI: White Supremacist Intended to Harm Amtrak Passengers  masstranspo ationsystems...    
Berlins Polizeichef: Terror-Bedrohung durch Islamisten bleibt über Jahre    
'Strike Fear in The Hea  of  DonaldTrump': Top Dem Poses with Handbook of Domestic Terror Group…  
Lügenpresse |   Orbán betonte, dass er sich nicht in die... 
NBC News | An armed  Missouri man arrested for pulling the...    
FBI accuses man with white supremacist ties of terror attack on Amtrak  FederalBureauofInvestigation…  
DonaldTrump ‘frustrated’ with  Pakistan for suppo ing terror groups: US NSA McMaster   Taliban...…  
BuzzFeed Video |  StanTwitter is now making fun of Gomez's...  Manchester  kidneytransplant    
1.5 - STORM SURGE - Planes/Arrests/Clinton/Sessions/Fusion  GPS/Comey &amp; More!  HillaryClinton...…  
SanFrancisco terror suspect planned to 'funnel people' and 'shoot them,' indictment says  ChristmasDay...…   
Suspected foreign terrorists being depo ed to  Malaysia, says Special Branch  counter-terrorismchief  law..…   
'Hero' In  Manchester Terror Attack Admits He Stole From The Victims    
Still working with US on security cooperation, says  Pakistan - Times of India  UnitedStates  Islamabad...…   
Trump kicks the Palestinian habit   UnitedNations  Hamas  Hizballah  UnitedStates  AliKhamenei  Gaza...…  
ABC7 | BREAKING NEWS: Police have shot and killed a...  LongBeachhotel    
Israel Uncovers  Iran-Backed Terror Cell - Geller Repo 
US suspends security assistance with  Pakistan over  Taliban attacks  UnitedStates  Depa mentofState…  
Polizei und Bundeswehr planen zweite gemeinsame Anti-Terror-Übung    
Israel’s  Knesset Advances Bill Seeking Death Penalty for “Terrorists”  Netanyahu  Israel’sparliament...…  
US suspends security assistance to  Pakistan after  Trump tweets  HeatherNaue   Pakistanigovernment...…  
Woman held hostage in crime rampage  MELBOURNE    
Manchester terror attack:  Bravepolice and rail staff to be honoured  Mancheste ownHall    
Pa y over for  Pakistan for now as US suspends $1.2 billion assistance - Times of India  UnitedStates...…  
Tiggeren Chris (33) ble hyllet etter Manchester-terroren - nå vekker rystende avsløring harme…  
Iran uprising blamed on cash transfers to Hezbollah terrorists   authorandjournalist  GatestoneInstitute...…  
SanjivBhatt | No one can accuse Trump of being biased....  India  Pakistan  InformationTechnology…  
Arutz Sheva - Israel National News | 'UNRWA is a terror-suppo ing organization'...    
Four people charged with attacking teen girl in 'to ure chamber'  Massachusetts    
TERROR IN THE BAYOU: 14 Patriots Blown Up By Radical Muslims In  Louisiana    
African gang assaults  Melbourne woman at home in wild crime rampage    
US cuts  Pakistan aid over terror groups  UnitedStates  terrornetworks    
Amtrak terror suspect also attended   alt-right   event in  Charlottesville, according to FBI...…   
Trump Attempts to Reassure the Press with Hostage-Style Video  WizardofOz  WhiteHouse    
US suspends over $1.1 bn security assistance to  Pakistan  UnitedStates  President  DonaldTrump…  
A Selena Gomez  StanMocked The Death Of  DemiLovato's Dad On  Twitter And It Got Really Ugly  Manchester...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
HOLY MUSLIM MULLAHS Chant Death Threats at Rally Against Impoverished Iranians Who Want Freedom (VIDEO)…  
In 2017, Police Killed 1,184 — 100 Times The Number Of Americans Killed By Terrorists 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
HOLY MUSLIM MULLAHS Chant Death Threats at Rally Against Impoverished Iranians Who Want Freedom (VIDEO)…  
Obama Warned  Iran: Repo  Shows Ex-Pres Provided Terror Tip Off In 2015    
Melbourne’s west terrorised in night of violence    
CNNInternational | The US is suspending security assistance to  Pakistan...  UnitedStates...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | This is the face of terror in  America....    
FBI arrests  Charlottesville neo-Nazi on terrorism charges after he hijacked a train  Virginia...…  
UnitedStates suspends security assistance to  Pakistan - Republic World    
Republic | US cuts off military aid to  Pakistan as...  UnitedStates    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trump admin suspends aid to  Pakistanimilitary, demands 'decisive action' vs terrorists... 
NBC News |  President  Trump and the  Trumpadministration have been...  SteveBannon  Pakistanimilitary...…  
Mr.  Trudeau’s judgment, and the company he keeps  PrimeMinister 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
McKenna on KIRO: Should hoax 911 caller be charged with murder?  Californian  DaveRoss  TylerBarriss…  
Man who stopped train in  Nebraska possibly planning terror attack, documents show 
| Galvez said the operation to crush the Abu...  AbuSayyaf  Sulu  LanaodelSur…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
| The Philippines and Indonesia have agreed to improve...    
San Francisco Pier 39 terror plot suspect indicted    
FBI accuses white supremacist of terror attack on Amtrak train in rural Nebraska    
SF Pier 39 terror plot suspect indicted    
ABC30 Action News | The Central Valley man accused of plotting a...    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The WORKAHOLICS Trio Go Full DIE HARD in First GAME OVER, MAN! Trailer | Nerdist 
US suspends security assistance to Pakistan    
TYPICAL: Democrat Congressman promotes   Handbook   for Domestic Terror Group ANTIFA 
Depa ment of Defense Announces Major Changes to US Military Operations in 2018    
U.S. to Withhold All Security Assistance to Pakistan 
20 dead in suicide bombing at Kabul police checkpoint 
The People's Voice | The State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) announced that...    
Terrorism    
U.S. to Suspend Security Aid to Pakistan    
Counter-terrorism detectives sacked for 'skiving' on nightshifts at airpo 
DNC’s Keith Ellison lines up with antifa terrorists 
COMO EU TIRO AS METAS DO PAPEL! Técnica simples pra juntar mais dinheiro do que nunca!    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
U.S. Suspends Most Security Assistance To Pakistan    
US suspends aid to Pakistan demanding ‘decisive actions against terrorism’    
IDF appears to have hit Gaza tunnel in response to mo ar attacks    
Trudeau Thinks Western Civilization Is The Enemy - Spencer Fernando    
Islamic State in Sinai declares war on Hamas in gruesome execution video    
'Strike Fear in The Hea  of Donald Trump': Top Dem Poses with Handbook of Domestic Terror Group…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Republican Security Council | Trump’s National Security Policy Is Sta ing To Sing....    
Analysis: How Iran is working to destroy Israel from within    
Game Over, Man! Trailer  1 (2018) | Movieclips Trailers 
Resquícios ’17 – Sobe, sobe, balão sobe 
Israel Just Voted To Make It Easier To Kill Terrorists    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Times of Israel | In a vague statement, the army says it... 
Reuters | The U.S. State Depa ment has placed Pakistan on...    
At least 20 killed &amp; injured in suicide bombing in Afghan capital,  Kabul 
DonaldTrump shut down his election fraud commission, but he hasn’t given up on voter suppression…   
DonaldTrump shut down his election fraud commission, but he hasn’t given up on voter suppression…   
Trump's unfair attack on  Pakistan    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
G Herbo:  CityofSorrow (documentary)  Twitter  Terro own  Nas  rapper,currentpresident  Instagram...…   
Federalgovernment hired NGO to help former hostage  JoshuaBoyle’s family readjust    
The Province |  JoshuaBoyle did not arrive at the PM’s...  ChristieBlatchford  PrimeMinister    
What We Get For the Hundreds of Millions We Give to Terrorists  AIDS    
Cop who arrested  Po Authority ‘bomber’ honored at State of the State    
GAME OVER, MAN! | Official Trailer [HD] |  Netflix  Internettelevisionnetwork  AdamDevine  AndersHolm...…   
Collective Evolution | False flag' terrorism has dominated our world for...    
CommonDreams | As  ImranKhan observes,  Pakistan has lost far...  DonaldTrump  UnitedStates 
Cuts to bobbies on the beat harming war against gangs  seniorofficer    
Possible terror link after Japanese man stabbed to death in Dundalk,  Ireland 
SkyNews | Possible terror link after Japanese man stabbed to...  Ireland  Dundalk    
Gardaí say no 'established link' showing Dundalk stabbing was terrorist attack    
Cevlade - Amada Inmo al (ft.  FelicianoSaldías) (Video oficial)  FernandoDominguezProducción...…  
Sachnews Jammu Kashmir |  Israeli jets bombard  Hamas positions in  Gaza  Jerusalem,...  President...…   
AlexJones | DNC  DeputyChair  KeithEllison has stoked controversy...  federalgovernment  Antifa…  
After Trump tweet,  Pakistan talks of ‘response’ to U.S. action  UnitedStates  Islamabad 
Terror Motive Investigated In  Ireland Refugee Knife Rampage    
No evidence Dundalk attack linked to international terrorism - Garda  GardaYosukeSasaki    
The  IrishTimes | Dundalk attack updates: Garda say no evidence to...  TheIrishTimes    
ISIS Jihadists Have Left  Syria and Are Heading Back to  Europe to Mount Terror Attacks, Says Captured...…   
Identitäre Bewegung - Deutschland | +++ Indoktrinierung im Sinne der etablie en Pa eien +++...…  
CBSNews | Mr.  Trump has accused  Islamabad of providing a...  UnitedStates  Pakistan    
| 'Is there any single country which has suffered...  UnitedStates  Pakistan    
Japan's  foreignminister assures  Pakistan of cooperation  Islamabad    
Maharlika |  President Dute e meets  Indonesian  ForeignMinister DAVAO CITY...  Depa mentofForeignAffairs...…  
Victim stabbed to death in possible Dundalk terror attack named as Japanese man, 24, who moved to  Ireland...…   
Arutz Sheva - Israel National News |  IDF attacked terror tunnel in  Gaza  israelnationalnews…  
Assessment:  IDF attacked terror tunnel in  Gaza  terrorinfrastructure  spokesperson    
Terror-Anschlag von Manchester: Obdachloser „Held“ gesteht Diebstahl    
Die AfD – das fleischgewordene Wut-Emoji jp9Ota
NBC News | One man was killed and two others were...  Ireland    
Mobarak Haider |  ImranKhan: Ignorant or Arrogant?  ImranKhan said...  cricketer  SyedQutb  Zia  Pakistan...…  
Former  Taliban captive to stay in  Canadianjail for 5 days  JoshuaBoyle  Canadiancou 
TrumpThreatens To Cut Foreign Aid To Palestine  President  PalestinianTerritories  Pakistan  NewYear'sDay…  
Post Trump tweet,  Turkey expresses solidarity with  Pakistan   ErdogancallsPresident  MamnoonHussain…   
Spain Suddenly Tilts Toward  Israel, Strikes Down BDS Boycotts  policeman  Spanishgovernment…   
The War on Terror Is a War on  Minnesota's Peaceful, Entrepreneurial Somali Immigrants 
Hero   in  Manchester terror attack admits he stole from victims  cellula elephone  ChrisParker…   
President Makes “Hundreds Of Millions” Withdrawal Threat As Leftists Terror Supply Shut Down Looms…  
War in  PCSO:  SandraCam links Balutan to alleged bomb threat  AlexBalutan  boardmember  generalmanager…  
Homeless 'hero' of  Manchester terror attacks admits stealing from victims    
‘Hypocrital US demands  Iran unblock protesters’  Instagram after ordering to block mine’ – Kadyrov...…  
Bild | Mitten im Schock über den Terror-Anschlag von Manchester,... 
Bitcoin Violates Sharia Law Says Egypt’s Highest Religious  Official, Issues Fatwa   yfSvCt8   
JoshuaBoyle Appears In Cou  Facing 15 Charges, Remains In Custody -  SpencerFernando  Afghanistan  Pakistan…   
| 'I think the most moral thing is for...  IsraeliMP    
Israel approves preliminary death penalty bill for 'terrorists' with Netanyahu's blessing  Knesset...…  
Poll: 60 Percent of Likely Voters Want to End 'Visa Lottery' Responsible for Impo ing NYC Terror Suspect -...…  
Smile, you'll be on camera at the next Ashes test  800hi-tech  facialrecognition 
With PM’s blessing,  Knesset advances bill for death penalty for terrorists  PrimeMinister 
Du34s |  President Dute e meets  Indonesian  ForeignMinisterDAVAOCITY...  Philippines  ConsulGeneral...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
ChristieBlatchford: Charges or no, it was odd for Trudeau to meet with Boyle family  JoshuaBoyle...…   
JoshuaBoyle Charged With Assault: Was He Reenacting the Traumas of  Taliban Captivity?  professorofpsychiatry…  
Israel Air Forces strikes terror targets in  Gaza    
Top 10: Stabbing of “infidels” in  Germany; woman in labour raped by migrant    
Boyle's Parliament Hill meeting raises questions about who meets the PM  JoshuaBoyle  PrimeMinister...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
IAF attacks terror infrastructure in Gaza    
Under Muslim mayor, London world capital of acid attacks  
Islamic State Jihadi Calls on Muslims to Exploit 2nd Amendment to Get Weapons for Jihad Terror Attacks -...…  
Ca oon: Trump takes hostages    
What happens to £50,000 donated to 'homeless hero' who stole from terror victims 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Surge in remittances preceded IS attack on Marawi City    
Former Taliban Hostage, Joshua Boyle, Arrested In Canada For Sexual Assault And Kidnapping 
New York police 'hunting for ISIS suppo er who with terror group's logo'    
Joy Behar Comes Unglued, Links Trump To 9/11 Terrorists 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Israel uncovers alleged Iranian-backed terror cell run from SA    
Pakistan's sacrifices in war against terrorism are unprecedented: Tayyip Erdogan    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Reuters | A Canadian cou  on Wednesday postponed a bail...    
Republic | United States of America tightens the screws on...    
BREAKING: Triple-stabbing near Irish border - terror investigation launched    
Besatzung beenden! 2018- Eine Zensur findet vollumfänglich statt!    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Joshua Boyle makes brief cou  appearance    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
DISASTER! LONDON’s Pro-Immigrant, ANTI-TRUMP, Muslim Mayor Just Got Some Very Bad News…Will Sharp Increase...…   
U.S. Seen Airlifting ISIS Leaders to Safety to Reconstitute America's Proxy Army in Syria    
GSG-9-Gründer Ulrich Wegener: Der „Held von Mogadischu“ ist tot - WELT    
The Free Thought Project | The US was just caught aiding terrorists in...  UnitedStates  Syria…  
Terrorist organizations brace for layoffs in first qua er of 2018 as Trump cuts aid to  Pakistan...…  
EU blasts  Israel over death penalty for terrorists bill  EuropeanUnion    
BBC News | This homeless man was initially hailed a hero...  ManchesterArena  ManchesterArena…  
Horror CCTV shows 'homeless hero' looting bodies of  Manchester terror victims  ChrisParker    
Slender Man Trailer  1 (2018) | Movieclips Trailers  AnnaliseBasso  SNAPCHAT  JuliaGoldaniTelles  JoeyKing...…  
Potential terror link to fatal Dundalk attack being investigated    
AlexJones | Senator  RandPaul repeated a call by the...  UnitedStates  Pakistan  President    
DonaldTrumpSlammed For Anti- Pakistan Tweet - Rava  President  UnitedStates  DonaldTrump    
JoyBehar Comes Unglued, Links Trump to 9/11 Terrorists  ABC  DonaldTrump 
Freed  Taliban Hostage  JoshuaBoyle Arrested on Sexual Assault Charges in  Canada: Repo s  MiddleEast…  
Former hostage  JoshuaBoyle to remain in custody on 15 charges  Pakistan    
ShinBet warns Israeli ministers: Death penalty for terrorists will lead to kidnappings of Jews worldwide…  
DailyMail | Shocking news. The stabbings are 'potential terror attacks'...    
President  TrumpIsDeveloping a Missile That Would Break a Nuclear Arms Treaty With  Russia — TIME...…  
Knesset gives preliminary backing to death penalty for terrorists 
Ulrich Wegener: GSG-9-Gründer im Alter von 88 Jahren gestorben    
Terror in Dundalk as 18-yr-old Egyptian refugee attacked gardai with an iron bar after he killed 24-yr-old...…  
JoshuaBoyle case adjourned until next week  Ottawa  judge    
'Death Penalty for Terrorists' bill passes first  Knesset vote    
Arutz Sheva - Israel National News | 'Death Penalty for Terrorists' bill passes first  Knesset......…  
Homeless 'hero' at site of  Manchester terror attack now admits stealing from victims  ManchesterArena…  
Knesset approves law in preliminary reading that would give terrorists death penalty - Israel National...…  
Arutz Sheva - Israel National News |   Breaking :  Knesset approves law in preliminary...  israelnationalnews…  
'Homeless hero' robbed terror attack victims and spent cash in MCDONALD'S  MCDONALDSA  Manchester...…  
Action against  Jamaat-ud-Dawa, FIF not taken under US pressure:  Pakistan - Times of India  President...…   
Former  Taliban captive  JoshuaBoyle arrested and charged with sexual assault, death threats 
JUNGE FREIHEIT | Israelische Terrorexpe en nannten seine Einheit, die GSG 9,...  DeutscheLufthansaAG…   
DOJ to file petition in cou  declaring CPP-NPA as terror groups  President...    
My Life as a  NewYorkTimes  Repo er in  theShadow of the War on Terror    
Six people ‘from banned far-right group  NationalAction’ arrested  Counter-terrorismpolice    
Far right group suspects arrested  WestMidlandsPolice    
Gaza rocket hits empty field in  southern Israel  injuries    
Manchester 'homeless hero' ADMITS stealing from terror attack victims  ChrisParker  PaulineHealey…  
Ex-hostage Boyle charged with sex assault, confinement  Afghanistan  JoshuaBoyle 
'Marawi siege was really a prolonged war'    
Palestinians: Always on the Wrong Side  leader  President  MahmoudAbbas  al-Qaeda  No hKorea…  
GSG-9-Legende Ulrich Wegener ist tot - Trauer um den Helden von Mogadischu    
Ex-hostage charged with sex assault, confinement  JoshuaBoyle  Canada  Afghanistan 
ISIS Jihadis are Taking Selfies in NYC in Plain Sight  BillDeBlasio  Mayor    
JoshuaBoyle, freed  Taliban hostage, arrested for sexual assault 
Six alleged members of  neo-Nazi terror group arrested for terror offences  NationalAction    
ShinBet: Iranian-backed  terrornetwork exposed in the  WestBank  Israel    
Israel exposes alleged  Iranianintelligence operation in  WestBank  Tehran    
Far right group suspects arrested  WestMidlandsPolice    
NSW man ’wanted to kill police’  Sydney  policeofficer    
The Guardian | Joshua Boyle, the Canadian man held hostage by... 
Police lay terrorism charges against NSW man - 9News    
Pakistan can review cooperation with US if it is not appreciated, says Maleeha Lodhi  diplomat  UnitedStates…   
WhiteHouse to fu her action against  Pakistan in next 48 hours  SarahSanders  UnitedStates    
Trump will 'go to great lengths' to stop  Pakistan aid: Nikki Haley  NikkiHaleyUS  President  UnitedStates...…  
Pakistan summons US  ambassador to explain Trump's furious tweet  UnitedStates  DavidHale    
Trump Blasts  Pakistan for Giving 'Safe Haven' to Terrorists — Then WH Makes $255M Announcement…  
US puts Pakistan on notice: Do more to stop terrorism - Times of India    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Pakistan has played a double game with US for years:  NikkiHaley - Times of India  timesofindia...…  
Former hostage  JoshuaBoyle charged with sexual assault and confinement  Afghanistan    
Step up and do more against Terrorism,    UnitedStates warns  Pakistan - Republic World  WorldWhiteHouse…   
Former Canadian hostage in  Afghanistan faces 15 charges, including sexual assault  Caitlan  Taliban…   
Republic |  UnitedStates of America tightens the screws on...  Pakistan    
Former hostage  JoshuaBoyle arrested, facing 15 criminal charges - National | Globalnews.ca  Ottawa…   
Former  Taliban hostage  JoshuaBoyle jailed after arrest on assault charges in  Canada    
700 abducted by Boko Haram in  Nigeria have escaped  Chad  LakeChad    
NewYorkCity to install more permanent barriers    
ISIS 'White Beard'  executioner is captured in  Mosul    
CBSNews |  JoshuaBoyle was recently freed with his American...  Afghanistan    
|  President  DonaldTrump has won a war, but...  HillaryClinton  terror…   
Man held by terrorists for five years commits host of horrific crimes upon release: Police    
Freed  Taliban hostage accused of crimes in  Canada  JoshuaBoyle  Afghanistan    
NikkiHaley accuses  Pakistan of playing 'double game' with the US, vows to withhold $255 million in aid...…   
PressTV- Iran criticizes  France over suppo  for terrorism IslamicRepublicofIran  President...…  
DailyMail | One of the terror group's fearsome henchmen.    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trump will 'go to great lengths' to stop  Pakistan aid:  NikkiHaley  Jerusalem  NikkiHaleyIt    
AlexJones | Senator  RandPaul expressed overwhelming endorsement for Donald...  Pakistan  DonaldTrump...…  
Ex-hostage Boyle charged with sex assault, confinement  lawyer  Afghanistan 
Trump backs  Iran protesters, hits  Obama for nuclear deal  President 
Haley says U.S. withholding $255 million aid from  Pakistan  UnitedNations  UnitedStates  U.S.Ambassador...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
U.S. withholds $255 million in aid to  Pakistan as tensions flare at UN  UnitedStates  Jerusalem...…  
Former Canadian Afghan hostage faces assault charges:  lawyer  Afghanistan  Ottawa    
Canadian Freed From Captivity in  Afghanistan Is Charged With Sexual Assault  AssaultJoshuaBoyle…  
CTV  NewsChannel:  JoshuaBoyle faces charges    
Man JUST Arrested And Charged In Terror Plot Targeting Police He Stated: 'I Want To Be Ma yr'...…  
Following Trump tweet, U.S. withholds $225 in aid in  Pakistan  UnitedStates  Islamabad 
WATCH: Joy Behar Makes 'Outrageous' Claims About Trump, 9/11 Terrorists And Stoning Gays  DonaldTrump...…   
NSW man charged with terrorism offences  NSWpolice    
Freed Canadian Hostage  JoshuaBoyle Is Charged With Assault   Canada  Afghanistan  Pakistan    
Freed Canadian hostage arrested for assault  Taliban  JoshuaBoyle    
Former  Taliban hostage  JoshuaBoyle charged with sex assault, confinement 
SPAIN HORROR: Muslim mows down pedestrians on sidewalk in  Valencia - Geller Repo   Spain    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Canadian Ex-Hostage in  Afghanistan Charged With Assault  UnitedStates    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Husband of freed York County Taliban hostage arrested on assault charges    
Trump keeps hold on Pakistan aid linked to action against terror | American Military News    
Donald Trump mounts pressure: Task force to check on Pak terror-funding tap    
Freed Canadian hostage arrested for assault    
LADbible | He allegedly called the rise of Hitler and...    
'View:' U.S. on 'Slippery Slope' to Stoning Gays Like In Iran    
The Globe and Mail | A lawyer for a Canadian man recently freed...    
Former Hostage Arrested For Sexual Assault, Forcible Confinement 
Ex-hostage Joshua Boyle charged with sex assault, assault, forcible confinement: lawyer 
Joshua Boyle, former Canadian hostage, faces 15 criminal charges 
President Trump Makes Massive Move Against Terrorism That Obama Never Would    
Joshua Boyle, Canadian hostage in Afghanistan, facing several charges  | Metro News 
Former hostage Joshua Boyle arrested, facing 15 criminal charges 
Former hostage Joshua Boyle charged with sex assault, forcible confinement 
Troll Who Fatally ‘Swatted’ Kansas Man Got Out of Jail Early for Bomb Threat    
Suicide, car crashes leading causes of death for troops in 2017 
Joshua Boyle facing multiple charges, including assault, confinement   
Joshua Boyle, Canadian hostage in Afghanistan, arrested and faces list of charges in Ottawa | Toronto Star…   
NYPD training with military first-aid tool    
Tensions Rise Between Pakistan And U.S. After President Trump's Tweet    
Iran Collapsing: ‘Exodus In Progress?’ Mystery Aircrafts Depa  Iran w/ ‘No Callsign or Destination’ —...…  
Haley: US to Withhold $255M in Aid from Pakistan Over Failure to Combat Terrorism (VIDEO)    
Haley: US to Withhold $255M in Aid from Pakistan Over Failure to Combat Terrorism (VIDEO)    
‘Black Mirror’: ‘Metalhead’ Director David Slade on the Influences Behind the Season’s Most Terrifying Episode…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Times of Israel | Of the 55 soldiers who died last year,... 
Haley: US withholding $255M in aid from Pakistan    
Donald Trump threatens to cut aid to Pakistan over terrorism 'lies'    
Washington Examiner | BREAKING: U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki...    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
CBS Tries to Use Berlin Wall To Discredit Trump Wall, Israeli Anti-Terror Barriers 
Kriege, Flüchtlinge, Terror – alles dient der Hege­mo­nial-Strategie der USA! 
Pakistan: American aid means nothing to us! We don't care if you cut us off! | John Hawkins' Right Wing News…  
Pakistan Has Funded Terrorism for Years. Trump Just Delivered a PAINFUL Punishment...    
Fox News |  NewYorkCity  Mayor  BilldeBlasio makes...  NYCDOT  PollyTrottenberg  Commissioner...…  
Reuters |  NewYork  Mayor  BilldeBlasio and other...  TimesSquare    
Pakistan  SummonsUSEnvoy Over Trump's  Twitter Remarks   UnitedStates  NewYear'sDay    
DonaldTrump claims Obama Funded  Iran to Increase Terrorism and Corruption  BarackObama  President...…  
US follows up Trump tweet and withholds $255 million to  Pakistan - Times of India  TimesofIndiaUS...…  
Pakistan summons US  ambassador over Trump's 'lies and deceit' tweet  UnitedStates  Diplomat  president…  
Trump Says US Was Foolish to Provide  Pakistan With Billions in Aid  President  UnitedStates  DonaldTrump...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
POLITICO | “The people of  Iran are finally acting against...  Obama  DonaldJ.Trump  President…  
Pakistan summons US  ambassador over Trump tweet  theUSambassador  President  ISLAMABAD  spokesman...…  
China rushes to  Pakistan's defence after Trump's outburst - Times of India  foreignministryspokesman...…  
China backs  Pakistan after Trump barb  UnitedStates  President    
The Hill | The US  ambassador to  Pakistan was summoned to...  UnitedStates  Trump  President…  
Trump: Obama ‘foolishly’ gave  Iran money  UnitedStates  IslamicRepublicofIran  Tehran  President  DonaldTrump…  
Trump accuses  Obamaadministration of helping fund  Iran's 'terrorism,' praises protests... 
Military.com |   We came here to  Afghanistan to liberate its... 
China defends  Islamabad after  DonaldTrump tears into  Pakistan over terrorism    
China rushes to  Pakistan’s rescue after Trump’s outburst against ‘safe haven to terrorists’  DonaldTrump...…  
'All the money Obama gave to  Iran went straight to terrorism'  Trump  President    
ಟ್ರಂಪ್ ಹೇಳಿಕೆ ಖಂಡಿಸಿ ಪಾಕ್ ನೆರವಿಗೆ ಧಾವಿಸಿದ ಚೀನಾ    
Trump just claimed Obama cash to  Iran funded 'terrorism'  UnitedStates  DonaldTrump  BarackObama...…  
Arutz Sheva - Israel National News | 'All the money Obama gave to  Iran went...  israelnationalnews…  
MalikAyubSumbal马利克 on  Twitter  Pakistan    
GeopoliticalCenter | Trump: The people of  Iran are finally acting...  Obama  President  UnitedStates...…  
Pakistan Summons U.S.  Diplomat After  Trump’sTweetStirsOutrage  Afghanistan  President  UnitedStates…  
DonaldJ.Trump on  Twitter  littlefood  Iran  Obama  President  UnitedStates    
Trump To Cut Off Money To  Pakistan For Being A   Safe Haven For Terrorists We Hunt   
TheRochdaleHerald | Terror as scientists find link between  DailyMail...    
China Defends Pak After Trump Tweet, Talks Of   Outstanding Contribution    Islamabad  UnitedStates...…   
Walking the talk: After Trump's tweet, US suspends $255 million military aid to  Pakistan | Latest News &amp;...…   
China defends  Pakistan after  DonaldTrump slams inaction on terror, threatens fund cut  UnitedStates...…   
China defends  Pakistan after Trump tweet  ChineseForeignMinistry    
China defends  Pakistan against Trump's barb  President  DonaldTrump  Beijing  UnitedStates    
China defends  Pakistan after  DonaldTrump’s outburst   Y  
China rushes to  Pakistan rescue after  DonaldTrump’s outburst  Islamabad  President  UnitedStates…  
PressTV- Pakistan summons US  envoy over Trump remarks   Islamabad  DonaldTrump  President  ambassador...…  
CNNPhilippines | While the police admit terror threats are always...    
China defends  Pakistan after Trump tweet  Beijing    
TheTimes of  Israel |  IDF  chief  GadiEisenkot says  Iran remains the...  Hizballah  MiddleEast…  
China rushes to Pak rescue after Trump's outburst  DonaldTrump  IndianOcean  SouthAsia  theNewYorkTimes...…  
IDF  chief: Calls for massive retaliation in  Gaza are ‘irresponsible’  Iran  MiddleEast  Hizballah  Israel…  
NBC News | In an early-morning tweet on  NewYear'sDay,...  President  UnitedStates  Pakistan  Trump…   
After Trump's tweet, US suspends $255 million aid to  Pakistan  WhiteHouse  Islamabad  UnitedStates…   
DonaldTrump slams  Pakistan's 'lies and deceit' over terrorism | News | DW | 01.01.2018  UnitedStates...…  
Pakistan protests Trump's  Twitter attack, summons US  ambassador | American Military News  spokesman...…   
Making of Tiger Zinda Hai - Military Suppo  |  SalmanKhan |  KatrinaKaif |  AliAbbasZafar  Facebook...…  
Pakistan Pushback: Trump Terror Comments Draw Fire From  Islamabad  MiddleEast  UnitedStates  WhiteHouse...…  
Pakistan summons US  envoy  DavidHale over  DonaldTrump’s tweet  Ambassador  America  UnitedStates  President…  
Republic | Terror Haven Pak Dumped By  America    
Don’t blame us for your failures in  Afghanistan: Pak’s reto  to Trump -  Kashmir Monitor  Pakistan...…  
Pakistan received billions in aid only to deceit and harbor terrorists: Trump -  KhaamaPressNewsAgency...…  
DonaldTrump's tough message to Pak result of PM Narendra Modi's diplomacy: BJP  President  Pakistan...…  
Trump’s Twitter Talk Translates Into Action As US Blocks $255 Million Military Aid To  Pakistan...…  
INQUIRER.net |  Prince  Philip is said to have made a...  NewYear'sDay    
UPDATED: Box truck plows into car and pedestrians in  SanFrancisco, seven injured; non-terror related |...…   
Baloch,  Sindhi activists hail US  President Donald  Trump's statement on Pak - Republic World...…   
Trump makes  Pakistan pay for 'lies, deceit', blocks $255 million military aid - Times of India...…   
After  DonaldTrumpTweets   No More  , US Blocks $255 Million Military Aid To Pak  UnitedStates  WhiteHouse...…   
Our Stand Vindicated,   Says  India After Trump Rips Into Pak On Terrorism  Twitter  Pakistan  President...…   
Trump threatens to cut aid to  Pakistan, a 'haven to terrorists'  UnitedStates  President  DonaldTrump…   
Donald Trump administration blocks $255 million military aid to Pakistan    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
MSNBC | “They give safe haven to the terrorists we...    
Pakistan Responds To  Trump's Attack, Claims US Has Given Them 'Nothing But Invective &amp; Mistrust'...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Paul on  Trump’s  Pakistan tweet: ‘I couldn’t agree more’  President  UnitedStates    
Proud To Be Conservative | Democrat candidate of  Massachusetts is a member of...    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Poll: ‘No More’ Aid to  Pakistan -- Do You Agree With Trump?  Afghanistan  Major-General  UnitedStates...…  
Trump threatens to cut  Pakistan aid over 'deceit' in terror fight  President  UnitedStates  DonaldTrump…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Fox News |  President  DonaldJ.Trump 's administration has decided...  Pakistan  UnitedStates...…  
CNNInternational |   They give safe haven to the terrorists we...  Afghanistan  President  DonaldJ.Trump…   
Pakistan Fires Back at Trump Tweet: U.S. Given 'Nothing but Invective and Mistrust'  UnitedStates...…  
WashingtonExaminer |  HamidKarzai, the former  president of  Afghanistan, praised...  Trump  Pakistan…   
Trump threatens to cut  Pakistan aid over 'deceit' in terror fight   President  UnitedStates  DonaldTrump…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trump: Iranians are sick of wasting their money on terrorism    
Trump blasts Pakistan in first tweets of 2018 - 9News    
Trump says billions in Pakistan aid bought 'nothing but lies &amp; deceit'    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Dog clings to balcony in terror before losing grip and hu ling to the ground    
Former Al Jazeera Anchor says TV network aids terrorists,   al-Jazeera is a voice for terrorists.   - Geller...…   
Trump blasts Pakistan for ‘lies’ and ‘deceit’ in first 2018 tweet    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trump accuses Pakistan of 'deceit' in first tweet of 2018    
'Nothing but lies and deceit': Trump launches attack on Pakistan    
New York Post | “They give safe haven to the terrorists we...    
WATCH: Hamas Uses Children to Attack President: ‘Trump, You Idiot’ 
Pak Minister Defence on Twitter    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trump withholding millions in aid to Pakistan, as he accuses country of giving 'safe haven' to terrorists…   
Fatal ‘Swatting’ Episode in  Kansas Raises Quandary: Who Is to Blame?    
'Nothing but lies and deceit' from  Pakistan, Trump says  President  UnitedStates  DoanldTrump…   
Trump’s First 2018 Tweet:  Pakistan Has ‘Given Us Nothing But Lies &amp; Deceit’  UnitedStates  Afghanistan...…  
TheNewYorkTimes | A fake repo  of a hostage situation led...    
Pakistan issues hotchpotch of responses to US  President  DonaldTrump - Republic World  UnitedStates…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
From thanking  Pakistan to berating it for lies, deceit,  DonaldTrump changes tone on  Islamabad in 3...…   
Trump's remark on aid to  Pakistan vindicates our stand: MoS Jitender Singh - Times of India  President...…  
TRUMPTWEETS OUT Why He Cut Off Aid to  Pakistan...Gives Staggering Total of Past Donations *...…  
Here is Trump's first tweet of 2018 calling out  Pakistan for 'accepting $33 billion from US while...…  
Trump accuses  Pakistan of 'lies' and 'deceit,' says U.S. has 'foolishly' given them aid  UnitedStates...…   
Will respond soon, world will know the truth: Pak on Trump's attack - Times of India  Pakistan  president...…   
Trump targets  Pakistan for first TWEET of 2018    
Trump Sets Terror Haven  Pakistan on Notice With New Year Tweet: 'No More!' -  GellerRepo   DonaldTrump...…   Y4P4N2OC
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Breitba  | Nice work, Obama.    The protesters are specifically complaining... 
India's stand about terror vindicated after Trump admin's decision:  JitendraSingh | Latest News &amp; Updates...…  
Trump's Bipolar Disorder Is Back As He Blames  Pakistan For Housing Terrorists - AGAIN - Siasat.pk...…  
CNN |   They give safe haven to the terrorists we...  President  DonaldJ.Trump  Afghanistan 
13 Awesome Pictures That Show What  GeorgeW.Bush Has Been Up To Since He Left Office    
FBI Raids Home of  VirginiaMuslim Who Wanted to Join  ISIS, Attack U.S.: Cou  Docs - Geller Repo ...…   
Pakistan convenes emergency meet after Trump announces end of US  aide   Islamabad  UnitedStates…  
After  Pakistan REFUSED To Stop Harboring TERRORISTS, Trump CUT Their Gravy Train OFF! 
Pakistan thinks US leaders are fools, only gave us 'lies and deceit':  DonaldTrump - The Express Tribune...…   
DonaldTrump says 'no more aid' to  Pakistan, accuses it of providing 'safe haven' to terrorism...…   
On New Year, US  President  DonaldTrump dropped a Bomb at the terror nation  Pakistan and stripped it naked...…   
Happy New Year to  Pakistan:  Twitter lights up after  DonaldTrump promises to cut funds to  Islamabad |...…  
Trump blasts  Pakistan for giving 'safe haven' to terrorists, vows to cut aid  President  DonaldTrump…   
The Hill |  President  Trump lashed out at  Pakistan in his...  UnitedStates  terrornetworks    
US has foolishly given $33 billion to  Pakistan, got lies in return: Donald Trump  UnitedStates...…   
Pakistan has given U.S. nothing but lies and deceit, says  DonaldTrump  President  UnitedStates…   
Trump threatens to cut  Pakistan aid  DonaldTrump  Islamabad  WASHINGTON  President  UnitedStates  Afghanistan…  
We've been fooled for 15 years, no more:  DonaldTrump's tweet to  Pakistan   UnitedStates 
DonaldTrump attacks  Pakistan over ‘lies &amp; deceit’ on terror and aid, says ‘No More!’  UnitedStates…   
Trump Slams  Pakistan for Providing 'Safe Haven' for Terrorists From  Afghanistan  President  UnitedStates...…  
US foolishly gave billions to  Pakistan, got lies in return, says Donald Trump  Afghanistan  President...…   
'No more': US has foolishly given  Pakistan aid, says Trump   UnitedStates 
‘Ruthless profiteers’: UK  minister threatens tech giants with large tax bills over terrorist threat...…  
No More!  : Trump Says US Got Only   Lies   From Pak For Billions In Aid  DonaldTrump  Pakistan  AidUS...…   
Pakistan has given us nothing but lies and deceit: US  President Donald Trump  UnitedStates  Afghanistan...…  
ShinBet arrests large W. Bank  Hamas cell planning attacks against Israel  Gaza  IsraelShinBet  WestBank…  
DonaldTrump accuses  Pakistan of 'lies and deceit' in his first tweet of 2018  President  UnitedStates…  
'No Cricket Series Till  Pakistan Stops Terrorism,' Says  SushmaSwaraj... 
Fox News | The Iranian  president criticized  president  DonaldJ.Trump...    
The Islamization of Britain in 2017  AzadAli  CharityCommission  UnitedKingdom    
BenjaminFulford: Happy New Year: Hundreds of top Khazarian mobsters, including the Bush family,...…   
DonaldJ.Trump on  Twitter  Pakistan  UnitedStates  Afghanistan    
Terrorist freed in 'Shalit deal' planned terror attack  Hamas    
CRPF camp attack: Counter operation ends, body of third terrorist recovered - Times of India...…   
U.K. threatens  Facebook and  Google with new taxes if they don’t share more user data to fight terrorism...…  
UKminister threatens tech giants with large tax bills over terrorist threat —   UKNews  UnitedKingdom…  
Republic | Pulwama Terror Attack: Wreath Laying Ceremony Of CRPF...    
CNNInternational | Revelers packed cities around the globe to usher...  NewYear'sDay    
CNN | Revelers packed cities around the globe to usher...  NewYear'sDay    
Cricket series unlikely till  Pakistan stops terrorism: Swaraj to  parliamentary panel - Republic World  India…  
Republic | 'Stop terror then talk cricket'    
The People's Voice |  Russian  President  VladimirPutin has blasted the US...  UnitedStates  Assad  ISIS...…  
Archbishop praises compassion shown in 2017  JustinWelby    
All the things in 2017 we want to forget    
FBI agents arrest  Virginia man suspected of staging  ISIS-inspired attack on US soil: Repo s...…  
Archbishop praises compassion shown in 2017  JustinWelby    
Making of Tiger Zinda Hai in  Austria |  SalmanKhan |  KatrinaKaif |  AliAbbasZafar  Instagram  HaiTrailer...…  
Archbishop praises response to terrorism in New Year message  JustinWelby  NewYear'sDay    
| Stabbings, terrorism &amp; flying man in UK  UnitedKingdom 
Arutz Sheva - Israel National News | Dozens of terrorists and rioters arrested    
Dozens of terrorists and rioters arrested    
The AFP in 2017: Challenges on all fronts  ArmedForcesofthePhilippines  Philippines    
Pope  PraysFo errorists’ Conversion, Comfo s Church Attack Victims  head  Francis 
Don’t go by the headlines. The world is becoming a better place - Times of India  mediaaccounts...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Terrorists who plotted bomb and knife attack received £800k legal aid    
The Daily Caller | Pope  Francis prayed for comfo  for the victims...  dailycaller    
Reminder:  JohnKerry Admitted Some Iranian Economic Sanctions Relief Would Go Towards Terrorism…  
Trump Has Tied   Chain Migration   To Terrorism. These People Disagree.  Trumpadministration 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
'Generally great behaviour' from  Melbourne revellers  NewYear'sEve    
BREAKING: CNN BACKS TRUMP AGAINST FBI ANDREW MCCABE, PETER STRZOK, JAMES COMEY AND BLAMES LEADERSHIP...…   
The Hill |  Iran's  president tore into  president  Trump for  Trump's...  America    
The Atlantic | It’s an unregulated marketplace: a space for hidden...    
Suicide Bomber Approaches But Salvation Comes From 1,650 Yards Away  AlAsadAirBase  Iraq  ISIS  ISIS…   
Remember When All The Climate Change Expe s Warned That Winters Would Be Warmer and Snowfall Would...…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
ANALYSIS: Losing troops and territory, will a new US strategy change the Afghan war?  Kabul  ISIS...…   
2017 Man of the Year: Ryan Zinke  NavySEALofficer  RyanZinkeRyanZinke    
Terror Fears Prompt Major Cities to Boost Surveillance and Security for New Year’s Eve - Breitba …  
Rouhani fires back at Trump    
64 MELHORES FILMES DE 2017    
The Hill | President Trump ripped Iran after repo s its regime...    
Breitba  |  3 Rodrigo Dute e Admits He Nearly Became Bisexual...    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Revelers around the globe ring in 2018 amid heightened security    
Nukes, Missiles, And A Touch Of Terror: It’s Been A Really Crazy Year On The Korean Peninsula…   
Donald J. Trump on Twitter    
CONQUERED: The Eiffel Tower is going 100% bulletproof to protect against Islamic terror – why won’t they...…  
No More Free Money to Pakistan: President Trump Cuts Off $255 Million in Military Aid to Pakistan…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Latest: Trump tweets more suppo  for Iran's protesters    
FBI RAIDS Virginia Home In Terror Investigation Where   Suspicious Packages   Were Removed...Muslim Arrested...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Iranians Call for Death to Hezbollah    
SAS snipers drafted in to protect Brit New Year’s Eve revellers from terror    
Netanyahu: Israel has hit Hamas 40 times in recent weeks    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Trump To Withhold $255 Million In Pakistan Aid Over Counte errorism Failures | Zero Hedge    
Trump To Withhold $255 Million In Pakistan Aid Over Counte errorism Failures | Zero Hedge    
Terrible: Bodycam Footage Of Police Shooting Swatting Victim For Simply Opening His Door!...    
| 'Those, who called Iranians terrorists, have no business... 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
LADbible | New Year’s  EveSpeech: LADs, it’s ce ainly been...  GrenfellTower  UnitedStates  London  king...…   
CBSNews |  NewYorkCity is beefing up its security...  TimesSquare  NewYear'sEve 
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Linksextremer Terror - Lkw-Fahrer entkommt Brandanschlag    
Linksextremer Terror - Lkw-Fahrer entkommt Brandanschlag    
LAST DAY - an a year-end appeal from me - Geller Repo   Boston    
Kids run in terror as fireworks display fires rockets into Terrigal crowd  NewYear'sDay    
AfD Sachsen-Anhalt | Liebe Bürger Sachsen-Anhalts, ein Jahr geht nur zu... 
The Daily Caller |  President  Trump tweeted his suppo  Sunday morning for...  dailycaller  Iran…  
Video: 2017: A year of terror for UK?  2017-00-00  UnitedKingdom  Manchester  London   ...    
The Daily Beast | “The people are finally getting wise as to...  DonaldJ.Trump    
Trump: Iranian Protesters Angry Over Funds ‘Squandered on Terrorism’    
SCOTSMAN:  Edinburgh's Hogmanay Marred by Bag Ban, Record Numbers of  ArmedPolice, Anti-Terror 'Ring of Steel'…   
Suicide Bomber Kills at Least 15 at Funeral in  Afghanistan  easternAfghanistan    
Russia indicts  StPetersburg blast suspect on terrorism charges: inves  St.Petersburg...    
Reuters |  Russia'sInvestigativeCommittee said on Sunday it had...  St.Petersburg    
Manchester bombing victim's daughter welcomes baby son  LisaLees  ManchesterArena  ManchesterArena  Lauren…  
In 2017, Nearly 100 Times More Americans Were Killed by Police Than Terrorists  epidemic  UnitedStates…   
No More Free Money to  Pakistan:  President  TrumpCuts Off $255 Million in Military Aid to  Pakistan...…  
Trump:  Iranians are realizing their money gets spent on terror  UnitedStates  IslamicRepublicofIran...…  
TheGuardian | One story that pulled together some of the...    
It's not Islam that drives young Europeans to jihad,  France's top terrorism expe  explains 
| Year in review: Why we may need to...    
Battlefield 4 - FINAL ????A Grande Conquista - STOP vs Air ????    
NAAN - O último papo reto do ano (Prod. Peu CanetaBeats/44meia Produções | Áudio Oficial) UVCN
FDNY chiefs recall first moments at deadly Bronx fire    
End Of Year Wrap Up: Liberal Outrage And Meltdown Edition. [Video]  President  Trump  NewYear'sDay…  
Roter Terror - Antifa fackelt mein Auto ab.    
DonaldJ.Trump on  Twitter  Iran  UnitedStates  IslamicRepublicofIran    
UK aid to be 'more sensibly distributed'  UnitedKingdom  BorisJohnson    
Turkey tightens security ahead of New Year attack anniversary  NewYear'sDay    
The US continues to evacuate IS  terrorists from  Syria --  Sott.net  Russia  Deirez-Zor  easternSyria...…  
BBCNews | Tech giants like  Facebook &amp;  Google should face...  UKsecurityminister  UnitedKingdom…  
2017 - Was war das denn für ein Jahr?! - mit Gerhard Wisnewski, Jahresrückblick  BitcoinGroupSE...…   
Bataclan terror attack movie postponed after victims' family protests - NME  2015-00-00  Paris…  
Carmen Geiss stinksauer!   Terror-Chaos   verhinde  Luxus-Urlaub  FacebookInc 
Terror, Politik und Religionsfreiheit - Ex-BND-Chef warnt vor noch mehr Asylbewerbern 
J&amp;K: Four jawans ma yred, three injured, in terrorist attack on  CRPFcamp - Times of India...…   
Trump cuts off $255 million in military aid to  Pakistan  UnitedStates    
Held 'hostage' in  Lucknow madarsa, 51 girls rescued;  manager held -  TimesofIndia  manager,police…   
Making of Tiger Zinda  HaiTrailer |  SalmanKhan |  KatrinaKaif |  AliAbbasZafar  Indianintelligence...…  
|   Corruption, criminality, illegal drugs and terrorism have impeded...  President  Dute e…   
HarrySSandhu - On Fleek (FULL VIDEO) Randy J - New Punjabi Song 2017  SPOTIFY  Producer  Editor  Singer...…  
Terror of families in  Mancheste ower block blaze  centreofManchester    
‘Prankster’ behind innocent man’s death has history of phony 911 calls  Kansas    
DaveHobley |  DonaldJ.Trump ( ): Many repo s of peaceful...    
Trump Claims US Defeated  ISIS, But Terrorists Still Emerging from US Bases in  Syria --  Sott.net...…   
Bizarre plan launched for ' Dad'sArmy'   BorderForce  UnitedKingdom    
The  JerusalemPost /   m | The challenge of preventing terror attacks and stopping...…  
Pakistan defends Palestinian  envoy's pa icipation at  HafizSaeed event - Times of  India  Jamaat-ud-Dawa...…  
ToughguyDute e weathers tough year  RodrigoDute e  President    
No  AliBaba for terrorists: Turkish high-security prison bans classic tales for ‘safety reasons’  Prince…  
'Tax  internetfirms over extremist content'  securityminister    
Kansas man killed by police in ‘swatting’ gone horribly wrong —   US News   USNewsPolice    
| No  AliBaba for terrorists    
Terrorists attack CRPF training centre in J&amp;K's Pulwama, 2 injured - Times of India  NEWDELHI...…   
Pakistan says it needs no financial assistance from US  MohammadFaisal  UnitedStates  spokesperson...…  
Gunman kills two security guards at  LasVegas hotel-casino  LasVegashotel-casinoInvestigators…  
WIKILEAKS BREAKING NEWS: NEW YORK TIMES COLLUDED WITH CLINTON STATE DEPA  MENT OVER CABLEGATE EMAILS...…  
Police promise 'ring of  steel' across USA this  NewYear'sEve  UnitedStates    
China Launches New Capital Controls: Puts $15,000 Annual Cap On Overseas  ATM Withdrawals | Zero Hedge…   
China Launches New Capital Controls: Puts $15,000 Annual Cap On Overseas  ATM Withdrawals | Zero Hedge…   
Turkey imposes extreme security measures ahead of New Year’s, anniversary of  Istanbul attack...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Terrorists storm CRPF base at Jawebehara; throw grenades - Republic World  Jaish-e-Mohammed    
Republic | Terror strikes  Kashmir; attack in Awantipora    
PROMISE KEPT: Trump Stands by Word to ‘Bomb the Sh*t Out of ISIS’ as Terror Group Lost 98% of Its Territory...…  
Russia bomb confirmed as terror,  Putin calls for terrorists to be “liquidated on the spot” 
Never Trumpers, CNN Suppo   Iran Terror Regime Because of  Trump Derangement Syndrome  President...…   
Israeli jets strike  Hamas post in  Gaza in response to shelling  IDF  Iran    
Cities around the world warily prep for  NewYear'sEve amid terrorism fears  Berlin    
Police kill a man at his home while responding to a fake call  lawenforcement  Kansas  AndrewThomasFinch...…  
Lib Prof Who Said Trump And 'Whiteness' Caused Vegas Shooting Just Got What He Deserved, Ouch  America…   
CBSNews |  President  Trump took to  Twitter to slam what...    
Reuters | A 25-year-old Los Angeles man was arrested in...    
No More Free Money to Pakistan: President Trump Cuts Off Military Aid to Pakistan    
Reuters | Ukrainian police on Saturday freed the remaining hostages...   DM  
The Beave on | “Whether it be terrorism, thunderstorms, or swarms of... 
No More Free Money To Pakistan: President Trump Cuts Off $255 Million In Military Aid To Pakistan…  
'Three Musketeers' terror gang received nearly £800,000 in legal aid  NaweedAli  MohiburRahman...…   
American Leadership on World Stage: Unlike  Obama, Donald Trump Suppo s Pro-Democracy Protests Against...…   
Police Arrest Suspect In Fatal 'Swatting' Prank  LosAngeles  PrankWichitapolice    
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
CBC News | On  Twitter this morning, Trump attacked  Iraniangovernment... 
Trumpadministration responds to  Iran protests:   The world is watching   —  CBSNews  Twitter  President…   
Nine Christians killed in terror attack — two disturbing  factsmediawants to hide - Allen B West…  
Hoaxer with a history of fake bomb threats SWATs and murders a random bystander over a $1.50 Call of Duty bet…  
Trumpadministration responds to  Iran protests:   The world is watching    President  Twitter 
JUST IN: TRUMP ENDS FREE MONEY TRAIN After  Pakistan Refuses To Stop Housing Terrorists… Cuts STUNNING...…  
Defenseminister: Mo ars fired at  Israel were supplied by Iran  Tehran  IranAvigdorLiberman…  
DailyMail |  Onlinegamer gave police the WRONG address when... mDKb7d9
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
Green Beret Goes Off on  ISIS Scum, Calling for Them to Bring the Fight to Him  UFC  TimKennedy...…   
Ma in Sellner |  Wohl wissend, dass ich im Ausland bin... 
The U.S. Has Pummeled Al Qaeda in  Yemen. But the Threat Is Barely Dented.  al-Qaeda  UnitedStates…  
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
The Other 98% | The Other 98%. 5,5M vind-ik-leuks. An elite few are destroying our planet and holding our...…   
BBC News | A hoax emergency call about a fake hostage...  Kansas    
Hostage  Situation in  Ukraine's Kharkiv: Six People Held by Man With Explosives    
Ma in Sellner | Wohl wissend, dass ich im Ausland bin hat... 
Unarmed man killed by police after ‘swatting’ prank in  Kansas — USA TODAY    
Arutz Sheva - Israel National News | MK  MichaelOren:  IDF must 'shoot to kill'...  israelnationalnews…  
MK  MichaelOren:  IDF must 'shoot to kill' suspected terrorists    
President  TrumpWarns the Brutal  Iranian Regime: The World Is Watching  Tehran  BarackObama…  
No More Free Money to  Pakistan:  President  TrumpCuts Off $255 Million in Military Aid to  Pakistan...…  
No More Free Money to  Pakistan:  President  TrumpCuts Off $255 Million in Military Aid to  Pakistan...…  
Trump: Iranians fed up with regime’s “squandering of the nation’s wealth to fund terrorism abroad”…  
Man strapped with explosives takes 11 people hostage in  Ukraine post office  regionalpolicechief  OlegBekh...…  
BREAKING: Armed man strapped with ' explosivedevice' takes 11 hostages in a post office    
Unarmed man in  Kansas shot dead by police after he was ‘swatted’ by prank caller  officer  AndrewFinch...…  
MichaelOren calls for  IDF to ‘shoot to kill’ suspected terrorists    
Man takes hostages in Ukrainian post office – police    
Unarmed man shot dead by police after falling victim to ‘SWATing’ attack  Kansas  Wichitapolice  officer...…  
France24 English repo   about “Footage of female fighter's mutilated body in  Afrin “
uniting the effo s of all the members of a community against the force of evil - is what is challenging and what h…  
Turkey Erdogan engaging in ethnic cleansing inside Syria? And, if that happens, what is to stop a blowback   by  Mi…   
how the UK is betraying our Kurdish allies against ISIS to make a fast buck selling arms to Turkey. link…  
Rome during Recep Tayyip  Erdogan 's visit from Sunday night to Monday ... The demonstrators, carrying a banner rea…   
BREAKING : Italian police clash with protesters over  Erdogan meeting with  PopeFrancis in  Rome – President…  
BREAKING : Italian police clash with protesters over  Erdogan meeting with  PopeFrancis in  Rome – President…  
BREAKING Turkish President  Erdogan 's Bodyguards Beat Up Italian  Protesters—  2 protesters  badly injured…  
BREAKING : Italian police clash with po ers over  Erdogan meeting with  PopeFrancis  in  Rome – the Italian autho…  
video 3 :  Turkey is currently bombing  US backed  Kurds with  Russia approval in the city of afrin…  
video 2:  Turkey is currently bombing  US backed  Kurds with  Russia approval in the city of afrin,…   
Urgent appeal from Afrin Canton’s church in No h Syria to the world council of churches, pope francis &amp;…   
Urgent appeal from Afrin Canton’s church in No h Syria to the world council of churches, pope francis &amp;…   
Turkey bombing  US backed kurds with  Russia approval in the city of afrin, &amp;  trump is powerless j…   
video:Trump is currently powerless in middle east ,even Erdogan didn't Respect his Call to deescala…   
VIDEO: Pope will lose a lot of respect if not Refuse Erdogan's visit in Room on Monday as ERDOGAN is ISI…  
video: Afrin church leaders calling on Pope Francis   to refuse  Erdogan 's visit, Because…   
video: Afrin church leaders calling on Pope Francis   to refuse  Erdogan 's visit, Because  Turkish…   
video: Afrin church leaders calling on Pope Francis   to refuse  Erdogan 's visit, Because…   
video: Afrin church leaders calling on Pope Francis   to refuse  Erdogan 's visit, Because…   
VIDEO: Pope will lose a lot of respect if not Refuse Erdogan's visit in Room on Monday as ERDOGAN is ISIS…  
video: Afrin church leaders calling on Pope Francis   to refuse  Erdogan 's visit, Because…   
video: Afrin church leaders calling on Pope Francis   to refuse  Erdogan 's visit, Because  Turkish wa…   
Video: appeal from Afrin church leaders  in No h Syria to the world council of churches,mr Trump,…   
Urgent appeal from Afrin Canton’s church in No h Syria to the world council of…  
VIDEO: Pope will lose a lot of respect if not Refuse Erdogan's visit in Room on Monday as ERDOGAN i…  
video: Afrin church leaders calling on Pope Francis   to refuse  Erdogan 's visit, Because…   
VIDEO: Dear  Pope &amp;  Christians around the world, please hear our voice from  Afrin canton In no …   
video: Afrin church leaders calling on Pope Francis   to refuse  Erdogan 's visit, Because…   
By invading Afrin, one of the last unscathed regions in  Syria ,  Turkey is trying to prevent the creation of a Kur…   
BREAKING: Turkey ,Al-Qaeda &amp; isis unified operation room to counter  Kurds in Afrin,meeting took place in  Idlib,…   
video: why  Christians calling on Pope Francis   to Refuse  Erdogan 's visit? Here is the answer,listen to…   
video: Afrin church leaders calling on Pope Francis   to refuse  Erdogan 's visit, Because  Turkish warplan…   
Dozens of civilians including 9 year old   Arhat Ahmad Aliko   killed by Turkish airstrikes  in the villages of Celem…   
BREAKING Turkish army is bombing the  schools in Raju district in  Afrin Canton in No h syria
today A Russian jet Su 25 has been downed over Idlib by Turkish MIT's missile &amp; al-Qaeda terrorists Dance &amp;,at the…   
BreakingNews  Video: Thousands of  Christians under attack, Urgent appeal from  Afrin  Church leaders to the World…   
Urgent appeal from Afrin church leaders to the World Council of Churches “Please stop Turkey attack on Christians”    
BREAKING Urgent appeal from  Afrin  Church leaders to the World Council of Churches:”please stop Turkey &amp;  AlQaeda…  
why Turkey targets Kurdish forces in Afrin, No h syria ? Journalist Wladimir van Wilgenburg explains very clearly…   
BREAKING world health organization  :   Turkish regime continued its aggression on  Afrin ,killing 86 civilians- in…   
VIDEO:Turkish Jets dropping bombs on  Kurdish civilians in  Efrin ,&amp;Turkey backed al-qaeda fighters pounding  Afrin…   
video footage showing Erdogan's Jihad army stripped naked the torso of the corpse of a KURDISH female YPJ fighter a…  
CNN: 'This is a massacre': Turkey's bombs drive families into caves   عفرين_الآن…  
BREAKING   ISIS top commander &amp;  Islamicstate leader al-Baghdadi’s representative   Abu Abbas al-Samarrai   killed b…   
BREAKING : As  Turkish jets Nonstop bombs  Kurdish civilians &amp; fighters on air, On the ground Turkish army &amp; al-Qa…   
caught on camera : video shows the moment that Turkish jets bomb unarmed civilians including Syrian journalist  Soh…  
Video by German Spiegel :shows how desperate situation is in the  Syrian Kurdish city Afrin, As result of heavy Tur…   
BREAKING  Turkish jets bombing afrin right now
BREAKING :Turkey bombed central city of  Afrin ,  SYRIA 7 civilians were killed and 12 injured. The number of dead…   
BREAKING :Turkey bombed central city of  Afrin ,  SYRIA 7 civilians were killed and 12 injured. The number of dead…   
BREAKING  Turkish army beat Syrian  (FSA) fighters  who rejected
BREAKING : groups of   Afrin Turkmens have called on  Erdogan &amp; al  Qaeda  terrorists  to keep their hands off Afr…  
Leaked :  Erdogan &amp;  Putin ’s agreement on  Afrin
Shame on you  Putin ! At what price did you sell  Afrin to  Erdogan? you keep silent about huge crime  committed by…  
BREAKING  Inside  Afrin , the true victims of Turkey's invasion of  no hern  Syria , Right now  Turkey bombing US…   
BREAKING Turkish fighter jet bombing following villages in  Afrin region right now,( Kefercene. Qibare, Soxanke, B…   
AWARD WINNING UK journalist Robe  Fisk is the first 'Western' journalist into  Afrin . His repo  reveals that the…  
I Can’t believe this :  Turkish army ,  ISIS &amp; al-  Qaeda  they all united  &amp; killing   US backed  Kurdish fighters…   
What a shame: Turkish army , ISIS &amp; AL  Qaeda  they all united  &amp; mishandling &amp; taking revenge from US backed Kurdi…   
18+ Afrin Update : The number of civilians killed  by Turkish Airstrikes  in  Syrian  Kurdish  city Afrin reached 1…  
BREAKING : Afrin Update: another 44 civilians were killed &amp; 140 injured, by Turkish fighter jet bombardment in the…   
US state depa ment says: what a shame that NATO allies Turkey attacking the city of Afrin that was previously cons…  
What a shame!!!  Turkey bombing &amp; killing  US backed  Kurdish fighters &amp; Civilians but  Trump &amp; his administration…  
Number of civilians killed &amp; injured in  Turkish operation in  Syriaِ 's  Afrin increases every single minute, We c…   
BREAKING 19 Civilians were killed and 52 injured today by Turkish bombardment in 5 villages &amp; a town in the  afrin…  
Köln GERMANY: Protest against Turkish bombardment on Kurdish city afrin continuing world wide   عفرين_الآن  عفرین…  
Turkish jests bombed &amp; destroyed the Ain Dara Hittite temple complex, an archaeological site south of  Afrin. same…   
al-Qaeda's supreme leader in Syria, Mohamad al-Golani,  here with Turkish forces at the  Afrin area,(KILLING kurdis…   
Afrin update: SDF/YPG fighters msg for Erdogan from top of  Qustal hill ,  With English subtitle. Note:( Erdogan's…   
Dear    , Please  stop Erdogan's bombardment on civilians in kurdish city Afrin  i…   
BREAKING BBC : 40  civilians had been killed and 128 others injured, 5,000  have been displaced as Turkey bombs Ku…   
BREAKING Afrin – Turkish jets bombing
Syria: the revolutionary  FSA groups of the  Efrin region (Jaysh al-Thuwar, Jabhat al-Akrad.Liwa Shamal al-Democra…   
BREAKING :Turkish jets bombing around the  refugee camp in  Syrian city Afrin, so far 7 civilians killed &amp; 20 inju…   
video:America's State Depa ment deeply concern about human rights violations conducted by the  Erdogan ’s Turkey.…  
Dear  mothers around  the world, our home in  Afrin being Bombed by  Turkish jets &amp; 100’s of civilians killed , as…   
Dear  Teachers around  the world, our school in  Afrin being Bombed by Turkish jets &amp; 100’s of civilians killed ,as…   
video: Arab &amp; Kurdish teachers in Afrin says they are ready to die in their home land but not letting Turkish Erdog…  
Leader of al-Nusra Front, the Syrian branch of al-Qaeda. Abu Muhammad al-Julani with Turkish army , on the front li…   
Hundreds of Kurds killed by Turkish air strikes in Syrian city Afrin soon after Russia’s Putin showed green light t…  
Homeland security advisory to Trump- Tom Bosse , US prefer Turkish troops “remove themselves” from  Afrin.…   
Another 18 kurds killed by  Erdogan in  Afrin , it's really shame for  Russia's  Putin , as He used kurds for the f…   
Leaked audio of Hakan Fidan, the head of Turkish intelligence SAYS: “I’ll make up a cause of war by ordering a miss…   
Afrin Syria : The streets of Jandairion the outski s of the Kurdish-controlled city of Afrin, are seen strewn with…   
EXCLUSIVE  video : Hundreds of civilians killed by Turkish air strikes  in Syrian city Afrin.…  
Erdogan to US: Get out of the way so we can kill Kurds  عفرين_الآن  عفرین  Syria  AFRIN…  
Erdogan is real terrorist .  he will do every things to protect ISIS
BREAKING :Kurdish forces in Syria launch powerful counterattack &amp; pushed back Turkish army &amp;Turkey backed Jabhat A…  
BREAKING Number of civilians killed in the city of Afrin by Turkish air strikes   Reached 72 &amp; 286 injured. THIS N…  
Turkey bombing AND shelling  civilians in the city of Afrin , THIS IS A urgent msg to United Nations &amp; amnesty inte…   
all these civilians killed  by Turkish airstrikes in Afrin , so  where is human right organisations?  Amnesty ? Uni…   
he footage showing the destruction caused by bombing civilian residential areas in Afrin’s Cindirêsê village.…  
BREAKING Turkish jets bombing  inside the city of Afrin &amp; also the diesel generators around  the city - right now…  
BREAKING A Chechen jihadist commander listed as a terrorist by both the United States and the UN Security Council…  
Turkish warplanes are bombing Kurdish homes, bakery, petrol stations &amp; medical clinics , ambulances , Erdogan destr…   
BREAKING : 1 year ago THIS MAN  was working with   ISIS as butcher &amp; he was killing people in  Raqqa, but  now he…   
Turkish jets continuously bombs Civilians home,even ambulances  so , where is UNITED NATION? HOW come US keep silen…   
EXCLUSIVE : Hundreds of civilians killed by Turkish air strikes against US backed Kurdish forces in Syrian city Af…  
BREAKING Turkish army Bombs  Qamishli , a city in no h-eastern Syria on the border with Turkey, Civilian Casualti…   
Afrin, Syria : 44 civilians killed , 154 injured in Turkish airstrikes   
nice photo from New York City
BREAKING Turkish fighter jets bombed asphalt factory in Afrin, no hwest Syria ,At least  22 worker &amp; civilians we…   
Caught on camera: the moment that Turkish fighter jets bombed Kurdish civilians in the central city of Afrin, in No…   
Mi çewê te xwaro , berdewame be,  tweetê te dilê dostan şad dike û dijmnan difetsîne , kardaşim hemî e…   
here is more PHOTOS , POSTED BY SDF TOP COMMANDER   
Turkey's airstrike against kurdish people continuing  in Syrian Afrin
40 civilians killed in Turkey's attacks in Syria
Top Commander Of US-backed Force in syria:
video , Kurdish officials : Russian military officials have proposed handing over a Kurdish-ruled enclave in Syria'…   
video: the moment that Turkish army opens corridor for ISIS &amp; al qaeda fighters between Turkey &amp; no h Syria  (Afri…  
the moment that Turkish army  opens border for ISIS fighters and sending them inside Syria  20/1/2018 we will…  
massacre against Kurdish civilians in Efrin.
Erdogan's crime against civilians in Afrin  18+  link :  عفرين_الآن   عفرین  Syria  AFRIN…  
Turkish Erdogan  killed more children  than ISIS in kurdish city afrin , Why are Human Rights Organizations Silent…   
Turkish warplanes  airstrikes against Civilians in Syrian city Afrin continuing , why world is silent on this huge…   
Erdogan’s  Airstrikes on Kurdish Targets in Syria continuing , as humanity is dead, no one  can't hear the voice of…   
BREAKING :  Turkish airstrikes killed  30 civilians, nearly all women and children and 154 injured in kurdish city…   
Turkey's  Erdogan bombs civilians in Syrian city afrin , where is humanity? where is  HumanRights ?   عفرين_الآن…   
BREAKING BREAKING: Turkish air strikes on Kurdish city afrin   leaves 30 civilians  dead and 154 injured…  
BREAKING  Turkish jets hit city centre in afrin  no h Syria , 25 civilians were killed and over 150 injured…   
BREAKING  Turkish jests hit Afrin city centre in No h Syria , 25  civilians were killed and over 120 injured ,…   
BREAKING  Turkish airstrikes hit the Afrin city centre in Syrian , 25  civilians were killed and over 120 injured…   
BREAKING : Russian government told Syrian kurdish authority in Syria , Transfer Afrin city’s administration to Syr…   
BREAKING : Leaked information from the meeting with Russia shows fantasy Cooperation Between Russia,Turkey and Syr…   
7 YEARS old boy (Yehya Hemde) &amp; another 9 civilians were killed by Turkish airstrikes in KURDISH City  Afrin  , 100…   
Russia  betrayal of Kurds an attempt to fix troubled relations with Turkey - Russia &amp; Iran Cooperating with Turkey…  
video 3:  Turkey launches airstrikes in Syria against U.S.-backed  Kurdish fighters ,10 civilians killed &amp; 100's in…   
video 2 : Turkey,  Russia &amp;  Iran cooperating against  US backed  Kurds in  Syrian city afrin , 10 civilians killed…   
video 1:  Turkey ,  Russia &amp;  Iran cooperating against US Backed  Kurds  in syrian  Syrian CITY  Afrin…   
Video 1:  Turkey Launching airstrikes against a U.S.-backed  Kurdish fighters in Afrin province in Syria, 10 civili…   
Turkish forces have fired about 250 shells at Kurdish villages in the Afrin region of no h-western Syria,despite w…   
BREAKING Dozens killed &amp; injured in Turkish army's attack on  US Backed SDF-held refugee camp in  Syrians city Afr…  
BREAKING : (  Video &amp;  Photos ) :  Erdogan ’s  Turkey transferring  ISIS &amp; al- Alnusra  Terrorists from  Iraq &amp; Tu…  
BREAKING : Turkey transferring  ISIS &amp; Jabhet al- Nusra  militants from  Istanbul &amp;  Iraq To  the cities of…  
Ali Khamenei leaked video , ( 'I Am Not Qualified' ) 
UK 'inadve ently helped neuter' Middle East ally the Iraqi Kurds  kirkuk  peshmarga…  
journalists forced by Iraqi security forces to sign a document stating that he had no links to the Kurdish media in…  
“ links between Iran and Baghdad-backed Shia militia operating in Iraq”  
Former Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is ‘arrested for inciting unrest against the government,…   
Eyewitness explains:
City of   Karaj, 
Gohardasht of  Karaj, west of  Tehran 
Iran protesters News
City of  Ahvaz, Iran protests, Jan 7 
Hea breaking video shows the moment that  Iran's Secret Army
protesters at Iran’s embassy in The Hague: “We are going to hit you w/the same eggs that [the Iranian government] h…  
BreakingNews
BreakingNews  Vanak square,  Tehran - Iran Jan 6 
IRAN, TEHRAN  IN FRONT OF Evin prison 
Tehran -IRAN
City of  Dorud  دورود Iran
City of  Khuzestan , Iran 
City of  Karaj , Iran 
City of Bandar-e Mahshah , Iran 
Tehran , Iran 
The following account ( Yousef ) from Iran( in Persian language) is asking followers to  crackdown an…  
Iran Protests News online 3 Jan 2018
Iran  Tabirz
BREAKING NEWS
City of  dezful / دزفول - Iran
Iran protests  city of  MasjedSoleyman  / مسجد سلیمان
Hard-line cleric says social media fed Iran protests, unrest 
City of Arak, Iran , 5/1/2018 
City of dezful , Iran 
Local anti-government journalists from 11 cities they collect information regarding the numbe…  
Protesters from the city of Shiraz chanting  Death to  Khamenei &amp; urging him to leave the country
BreakingNews  update FROM IRAN
News update iran
girl from baluchestan province of  Iran writes on the wall:
Day 9  IranProtests.  Tehran
Iran’s State TV  censored the sound of a football game  because 1000’s of People chanted slogans against current re…  
Iran protests VIDEO:
Thousands attended on Friday  funeral of 2 protesters killed by Iranian regime forces in  MasjedSulaiman , IRAN…   
City of  Khomeyn   خمین
IRAN Protests video, Tehran . 
IRAN Protests news :
BreakingNews Leaked Audio
IRAN uprising news :
Iran protests NEWS ONLINE
BreakingNews video
City of Isfahan , Iran 
City of  Lahijan ,  لاهیجان  , IRAN  5/1/2018 
BREAKING video 1,  Mass Killings of Protesters in The City of lorestan, iran 5/1/2018 
City of  Tehran , Iran 4/1/2018 “Death to Khamenei” Slogan 
WE DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY TWITTER keep blocking our account as request of Iran? or Iran's cyber fake repo ?…  
City of  Tehran , Iran 4/1/2018 
City of Esfahan, Iran  4/1/2018 
IranProtests  تظاهرات_سراسرى  يحدث_الان_في_ايران  IranProtest   TwitterKurds  IranUprising  iran  شما  ,…   
City of Kermanshah
City of Zahedan
City of Shiraz ,Iran , 4/1/2018 Iran protests news  video  IranProtests  تظاهرات_سراسرى  يحدث_الان_في_ايران…   
Caught on camera: The moment that Iranian regime’s Snipers in high-rise buildings shooting at protesters with real…  
Iran protests news  video : The Basij Resistance Force burnt his membership card and calls for other member to do t…  
Shiraz City in Iran, 2 hour ago , 4/1/2018, Iran Protests news   video  IranProtests  تظاهرات_سراسرى…   
Zanjan, iran  5 hour ago 4/1/2018 , IRAN protest news ,  video  IranProtests  تظاهرات_سراسرى  يحدث_الان_في_ايران…   
lorestan iran 1 hour ago4/1/2018
Ali Khamenei has sent his family to Turkey :    IranProtests  تظاهرات_سراسرى…  
Arresting civilians in Bushehr by Iranian undercover female police صحنه های تکان دهنده از آزار ناموس ایرانی توسط پل…  
The slogan against Khamenei, Amirieh Crossroads in Abadan, Tuesday2/1/2018  the sixth day of national protests…   
IranProtests  تظاهرات_سراسرى  يحدث_الان_في_ايران  IranProtest   TwitterKurds  IranUprising  iran Nowshahr…  
Arresting civilians in Bushehr by Iranian undercover female police صحنه های تکان دهنده از آزار ناموس ایرانی توسط پل…  
Masjed Soleyman – Iran , protesters Tear down the banner of Khamenei پاره کردن بنر خامنه‌ای در مسجد سلیمان…   
City of Masjed Soleyman – Iran , Hundreds arrested ,killed &amp; injured as Khamenei blames Iran's 'enemies' for unrest…   
This Basij girl has burnt her Basiji card and declares that she feel  guilty  because of a been a member of this  c…  
Iranian security forces have killed at least 17  demonstrators in last 7 hours &amp; uncountable numbers of protesters…  
City of shadegan iran - Strong &amp; ongoing clashes between protesters &amp; Iran’s Regime forces are continues…  
Nowshahr –ProtestS continues in 56 cities &amp; town in IRAN  IranProtests  تظاهرات_سراسرى  يحدث_الان_في_ايران…  
Iran: Protest continues in 56 cities &amp; town , a poster of   Iranian Shia Muslim religious leader ripped and burnt d…   
Iran protests news,Fresh police violence against protesters in streets on Iran continues all night 3/1/2018…   
Iran protest news , Arrest, killing &amp; to ures of protesters continues by Iranian Regime forces in 56 Cities &amp; town…   
18+ , Iran protest news : brutal massacre by Iranian regime forces on unarmed civilians  continues across the count…   
IRAN PROTESTS NEWS :
BREAKING Iran protest news ,city of Tehran, Iran’s police motorbike set on fire as regime forces &amp; protesters clas…   
IRAN – Protestes,  city of  Sanandaj 
BREAKING - Iran’s regime forces surrendered to the protesters in the city of city of Khorramabad, IRAN .anti gover…   
IRAN – Isfahan Riot police run away from protesters (clash continues in some others street)
Iran - city of  Isfahan -  anti government protests : 3/1/2018 (night)
Iran - Tehran  Anti gov protests : 3/1/2018
Iran protests city of Zanjan  1/1/2018 -
Iran protests  1/1/2018
Iran -baneh
Iran’s gov keep sending text msg (on the right) to the 28 cities mobile (list on the left) &amp; text msg says:“If you…  
Latest News Updates –  IranianProtests @ 2:22 AM 1/1/2018
The city of  Izeh, Khuzestan Province in Iran, protesters took full control of government buildings and military ba…   
city of Gilan –Iran
Iran protests the city of Shahin Shahr , 59 min ago ,3 protesters were killed by iran’s basij  force &amp; 27 injured –…   
Iran protests - city of   hormozgan, Protest continues right now  , a poster of Ali Khamenei Supreme Leader of Iran…   
Iran protests News : city of Alborz,  Protest continues  (day 4) 
Iran protests - city of shiraza day 4  , Protest continues right now 
BREAKING : Social media access restricted on mobiles in Iran &amp;The detainees are being transferred to Evin Prison.T…  
i think iran's conservative leadership in the government  want to  use the protests as an excuse to neutralize Roha…  
Today 31/12/2017 protestS continues in kurdish city   Kerman -Iran
Sanandaj –  IRAN
11 repo edly killed after Iranian forces 'open fire on protesters' as demonstrations continue for 4th day but iran…  
video : Tehran - Iran
Protesters take to the streets of the city of   Arak in Iran and clash with Iranian revolutionary guard
Situation has gone worse in  iran ,video shows the moment that Iranian army attacking &amp; arresting Kurdish protester…   
video pa 1 :The moment that Iranian police attacks &amp; arresting  Kurdish protesters in the city of  Kerman in Iran…  
Protests continue in Iran (Day 4)
Iran - Tehran - protesters chanting ‘DEATH to   Death to Khamenei   ’ CLASH with state security forces 
Iranian Angry protesters Attacked the basij forces bases with the slogan   Death to Khamenei   in the city of Arak –…   
Angry Kurdish Protesters ripped &amp; burnt down Iranian regimes flag in the Kurdish city of  Kerman in Iran…  
video: Protesters ripped &amp; burnt down Iranian Major General Qasem Soleimani ‘s poster in the city of shiraz, iran 
Protesters burnt down governorate building
Angry protesters burnt down city council's building in Ahvaz - iran
ferdowsi square  Tehran - Protests in Iran -
IRANIAN protest against government in the city of Ahvaz -  iran
IRAN-Yazd
Protest in Zanjan, Iran 
Tehran Capital of Iran -  Protests Continue
Protest in Kerman  kurdish city of  Iran
Tehran Pressures Syrian Regime into a Kurdish Standoff  
Turkey Places Bounty on Two Former U.S. Government Officials  
President Donald Trump  passed  Erdogan’s red line over  Jerusalem  &amp; Netanyahu Thanks Trump ( all in one sho  vid…  
Turkey Turning Into a Mafia State   via
1,000 Civilians Killed During Month of November: War Monitor  Syria   via   
No pay until Kurds give up referendum, Baghdad says   
CNN’s Turkish Media Problem   via  
BREAKING  video: IRAN’S Major general Qasem Soleimani secretly visited al-Abulkamal in Syria &amp; Connected  Iraq to…  
Donald Trump must not make same mistake of backing Iran’s proxies -  According to anonymous sources, Mr. McGurk is…   
must not make same mistake of backing Iran’s proxies - According to anonymous sources, Mr.  McGurk…   
BREAKING IRAN’S Major general Qasem Soleimani secretly visited al-Abulkamal in Syria &amp; Connected  Iraq to  Syria a…  
U.S. Admits Possible Role in Arming Iranian-Backed Militants in Iraq  
.  and   on al-Qaeda's pact with Iran:  
ea hquake hit kid’s bi hday pa y in the  Kurdish region of no hern  Iraq.
Strong ea hquake hits Iraq and Iran, killing at least 210   
Did Trump betray the Iraqi Kurds?  
BREAKING video: IRAN BACKED Hashdi Shabi Terrorists Burns 100's of  Kurdish civilians alive in  khoma o -&gt; ISIS
BREAKING video: IRAN backed Hashdi Shabi  Burns 100's of  Kurdish civilians alive , in  IRAQ link    daesh  ISIS 
Iranian-backed coalition of Shia militias in iraq , using American weapons against kurds   
&amp;   US Army's big mistake in   Iraq ( suppo ing Iran backed  shia  terrorists against  Kurds in…  
The Kurds helped defeat ISIS, but does the world care?   via   hlines 
Berlin police: “This is the enemy in our own ranks”  
PKK militants infiltrate Turkish outpost overnight, kill entire army garrison: video   via   
KurdistanBlockade  
BREAKING:  AbuMuhandis ,Iraqi military commander says: we need hashd al shabi to remove &amp; defeat  America from Iraq…   
Iran Major General Qassem  Soleimani on the front line against kurds
see  iranian  Major General  Qasem Soleimani &amp;  Iran back shia milita terrorists on the front line against Kurds in…  
Now  America suppo ing Shia militia in  iraq even providing M1 Abrams tanks against  Kurds what a shame?? 10 photo…  
l @ _com  
BREAKING iran-backed shia militias Terrorists are using American tank
BREAKING President  Barzani “those that  America calls as Terrorists, are using  US Abrams tanks in  Iraq &amp; Killin…   
Donald Trump has betrayed the Kurds and Iraq will suffer for it kurds  kurdish  kurdistan  twitterkurds  Erbil
Donald Trump has betrayed the Kurds and Iraq will suffer for it kurds  kurdish  kurdistan  twitterkurds  Erbil
good morning to you   &amp;   here is the msg of Qais Khazali one of the leader of…  
NAJAF.  IRAQ -  QaisKhazali leader of the Special Groups in  hashdalshabi stepping on american flag  …  
Terrorist Abu Mahdi al-Mohandes  on the front line against Kurds ,in iraq 
The U.S. is on a collision course with Iran in the Middle East  
We stand in solidarity with  Catalonia  &amp;  Kurdistan
Kurdish Peshmerga forces push back Iran-backed Shia militias IN IRAQ   via  
clash continues in no h of iraq
BREAKING  Kurdish  Peshmerga forces push back  Iran-backed  Shia militias
BREAKING  iran-backed shia militias  launches new attack with  American weapons against  Kurds in No h of   Iraqi…  
Iranian -Backed  Shia Militias using  US Drones against  Kurds in no h of iraq , 2 of them destroyed by  Kurdish…   
US biggest mistake -&gt;&gt; Replacing  ISIS with  Shia militia in  Iraq
Replacing ISIS with Shiite militia in  iraq , is the  American biggest mistake 
its urgent :Please help humanity, video link: 
BREAKING VIDEO: Please stop iran-backed shia militias attack ON civilians in No h of Iraq.  Amnesty  UN…  
BREAKING  iran-backed  Shia terrorists targeting civilians &amp;  pesharmge near  Kurdish capital   Erbil in  iraq &amp;…  
BREAKING heavy clash between  Kurds &amp; iraq (shia militia) continues Near  Erbil ,  US army doing nothing to stop,2…   
BREAKING  Iraqi Forces &amp;  Iranian backed  shia militia imminent attack on kurdish  Peshmerga fighters .  Kirkuk…  
These women are finally free of  ISIS/ Daesh and are ripping off their burqas! in  Raqqa ,  Syria thanks to kurdish…   
How Iraq crushed the Kurds’ dream of independence  
John McCain: I Choose the Kurds  
Netanyahu: world should take care of Kurds' future   via  
Statement KRG: Freeze the results of referendum conducted in the Iraqi Kurdistan.
How America sided with Iran over Iraq's Kurds    
Rojda Felat, female commander who led Raqa battle   via   
US Abrams tanks sway the battle in Kirkuk to against kurds, used by iran back  hashdi shabi terrorists 
video :to see what  exactly Iraqi army doing in kurdish area
in this video u will see  see how  Iraqi army,insulting ,killing ,rape of  Kurdish civilians in last 3 days…   
BREAKING Heavy clashes between  Peshmerga  iran back , Shia militia terrorists in  south of  Erbil iraqi…   
in last 4 days till now 120 KURDISH civilians &amp;  peshmarge fighters killed &amp; 300 injured by shia militia IN Iraq ,t…   
situation has worse in no h of iraq as  Iran-back hashd al-shaabi disguise as  Iraqi army &amp; killing KURDISH civili…  
kurds under attack in iraq
BREAKING KURDS UNDER ATTACK  IN  IRAQ as qasem soleimani transferring more IRGC FROM IRAN to the NO H IRAQ region…  
BREAKING clashes between  Kurdish &amp;  IRAN-Backed Hashd al Shaabi continues in  Iraq &amp; qasem soleimani brought more…  
Kurds under attack in iraq
+18  BREAKING the Man holding an  Kurdish flag shot dead by  Irani-back hashd al-shaabi terrorist in  Iraq…  
many  kurdish civilians were killed in  Iraqi  kurdistan  by iran backed Hashd al-Shaabi terrorists as they using…  
BREAKING KURDS UNDER ATTACK IN IRAQ
BREAKING 2  Kurds killed &amp; 24 injured  as  iran backed hashd al-shaabi Shooting At Crowd in  khanaqin Iraq…  
Protesters pulled down  Turkish flag &amp; burned in  Iraqi  Kurdistan - Erbil –as  Erdogan cooperating with  Iraq &amp; ki…  
BREAKING : Iraqi Army kidnapped 20  Kurdish girls &amp; Committed genocide against  kurds in  tuz_khurmatu  Iraq
Exclusive  Iraqi Army Committed Genocide Against  kurds in Tuz Khurmato - iraq
Iranian general  QasemSoleimani &amp; his soldier in full control of  Kirkuk, watch d end of this video 
BREAKING  Raqqa liberation confirmed by  SDF commander Rojda felat &amp; SDF spokeswoman  Cihan Sheikh Ehmed ✌️ Raqqah…  
Raqqa liberated from  IslamicState in sign of jihadists' collapsing
BREAKING   Raqqa liberated from  ISIS
US trained Iraqi soldier puts boots on the flag of US,  Kurdistan &amp;  Germany in  Kirkuk. &amp; killed 35 kurdish…   
sorry i mean US gov  , not american people 
i would like to say sorry to all my friends &amp; follower that i suppo ed   during election :( Today U.S. Betray  Kurds in iraq
Iranian backed  Shia militia used  US weapons &amp; killed 35  kurdish  Peshmerga fighters near  Kerkuk  KirkukCrisis…  
Iraqi Forces Begin Assault Near Kurdish-Held City of Kirkuk  
Iran is testing President Trump's resolve by attacking US ally in Kirkuk less than 60 hours after US designation of IRGC
Qassem Soleimani, Iran's spymaster, is overseeing the Shia militia operation in Kirkuk. Two days after Trump's get-tough… 
BREAKING meeting leaked:  Iranian general  QassemSuleimani Warned  Iraqi  Kurds TO cancel independence or face WAR…  
BREAKING The  Iranian general  QassemSuleimani Warned Iraqi  Kurds to Cancel  Independence bid or face  Shia milit…  
BREAKING :  QassemSuleimani the  Iranian general secretly Visited  Iraqi  Kurdistan &amp; Asked  Kurds to 'Cancel'…  
Dear  Trump &amp;  US gov please take action as Qassem Suleimani the  Iranian general secretly plan to take full contro…  
Dear  US gov please take action as Qassem Suleimani the  Iranian general 'secretly running' 80% of  Iraq ,they plan…   
BLOOD BATH IN IRAQI KURDISTAN   via  
IRAN --&gt;&gt; 'We've buried many like  Trump': Iranian general warns  Tehran knows how to 'fight against US'    iran  US
US must change iraq policy urgently as  Iran backed  Shia government preparing to take full control of  Iraq in th…  
US must stop suppo ing Iran Backed  Shia government  in  iraq ,  iran backed al-Maliki &amp; Al-Amiri's photo…   
BREAKING :Moments after Mr  Trump speech, Iran revolutionary guard had been labelled under terrorism legislation :…   
BREAKING: iran revolutionary guard had been labelled under terrorism legislation by the  US Treasury’s Office link…  
BREAKING:US Treasury office declared That  iran revolutionary guard had been labelled under terrorism legislation.
this photo tells u ,who is controlling iraqi army &amp; government, so  USA Most stop suppo ing  Iran-back  Shia gov i…   
Thousands of Kurdish troops sent to Kirkuk to face 'Iraqi threat'   via  
The Trump administration announces a new Iran policy today, watch our video on terrorist training camps in  Iran!   
al  Qaeda-affiliated al  Nusra Front fighters welcomed  Turkish troops convoy in the hea  of  Syrian city of…  
BREAKING VIDEO :  Iran-backed  shia militias Claims, they are target &amp; advancing in  kurdish control area in…   
International boycott hits labor meeting in   Istanbul ,  Turkey link   stoperdogan  erdogan  kurdistan  kurdish 
kurdish  YPG &amp;  US flag side by side :) that is why ' Erdogan suffered a hea  attack in DC VIDEO LINK :…  
KRG &amp; its most ardent suppo ers have failed in  Washington because they trapped themselves IN   
US Chairman of Missile Defense :   The Bullying of the  Kurds Will Not Go Unanswered    
BREAKING  US backed  Kurdish led  Syrian  SDF RESCUES 820 civilians used as human shields by  ISIS in…  
Turkey to close border gates with  iraqi  kurdistan  in coordination with  Baghdad,  Tehran -  Erdogan spokesman   
Must-read An Outrageous Prosecution:  Turkey convicts a Journal repo er of promoting terrorism 
Iraqi interior minister Qasim Al Araji  with Iranian Major general  Qasem Soleimani
UK launches last-minute bid to change  Trump's mind on  Iran nuclear deal  
BREAKING 1000  ISIS FIGHTERS surrender to  kurdish  Peshmerga near   hawija IN IRAQ  more photo link:…  
Wall Street Journal repo er convicted in  Turkey over 'terrorist propaganda'    stoperdogan  ypg  pkk  kurds  kurdish
Will the West betray  Kurds in the face of threats from  Turkey,  Iraq,  Iran &amp;  Syria? 
When Fascism Won't Die: Why We Need to Suppo   Catalonia ?  Catalan under attack in  Spain, where is  HumanRights…   
Raqqa: a journey into the destroyed hea  of the  IslamicState capital  Raqqah  daesh  isil  YPG  SDF  QSD  YPJ
BREAKING CNN: turkey coordinating &amp; suppo ing the al-Qaeda splinter groups In  syria town  Idlib   
BREAKING  Turkey makes deal with al- qaeda  to control  kurdish town  Afrin in  syria  
BREAKING leaked  Turkey &amp;  AlQaeda  agreement  in  Syria : al- Nusra will transfer administration of   Idliba to t…  
Clear msg for  Erdogan ,  PKK Commanders visit  mamjalal ’s  wife, in  Sulaymaniyah(attending funeral) 
BREAKING  the liberation of the city of  Raqqa from  ISIS will be announced in a few Days -  SDF  YPG  YPJ  QSD…  
video :  kurdish  KRG &amp;  Iraqi  parliament most respond &amp; stop this  link
Pro-Spain suppo ers make fascist salutes ahead of demonstration   catalan  catalonia  spain  kurdistan
: Anti- independence suppo ers perform  fascist salutes in  Spain catalan  catalonia  kurdistan  kurd
Turkish Leader says:  kirkuk &amp;  mosul is  Turkish provinces (82,83) + he &amp;  Erdogan plan to take over from  Iraq s…   
Trump restaurant in  kurdish town  Kobani ( Rojava - No h  Syria)
Erdogan's  hypocrisy &amp; double standards .
Erdoğan says  iraqi  kurds celebrations with  Israeli flags after the  Kurdishreferendum 'upset us'.so who is  hyp…  
Video:  kurdish  peshmerge Commander has a message for  Israel &amp;  Netanyahu
BBC News -  JalalTalabani: Thousands mourn  Iraqi  Kurdish leader    suppo kurdistan  kurds  kurdish  mamjalal  Erbil
Turkish &amp;  Iranian leaders unite against  Kurdishreferendum,accuse  Mossad of meddling suppo kurdistan  mamjalal 
Pentagon stops paying  peshmerga salaries amid  Kurdishindependence backlash  kurds  suppo kurdistan  mamjalal
Jalal Talabani’s Enduring Struggle  
Former  Iraqi president  Talabani buried in Kurdish home region    mamjalal  suppo kurdistan  kurds  kurdish  Erbil
Why is the International Community so Hostile to  KurdishIndependence?    suppo kurdistan   kurds  kurdistan  kurdi
Turkish security forces strip naked 7 people during detention in anti-PKK operation    suppo kurdistan  kurdish  pkk
Tensions in Mideast after Kurdish independence referendum  
Khamenei says Iran, Turkey must act against Kurdish secession: TV   
Team Trump can still prevent the next Mideast explosion stoperdgoan  kurds  kurdish  ypg  ypj  qsd  SDF  ISIS
Iran,  Turkey vow to halt  Iraqi  Kurds ' secession full repo  link stoperdogan…   
Iraq steps up retaliation against  Kurdish independence vote with dollar ban  
United States must prevent disaster in Kurdistan trump  barzani  kurdish  kurdistan  kurds
America must prevent a disaster in  Kurdistan  
Iraq severs key banking ties with  Kurdistan, deepening its isolation barzani  kurds  kurdish  kurd  erbil  arbil 
Kurdistan and  Catalonia: Two very different places learn how hard it is to sta  a new country. referendum  kurd
ineAucler  
BREAKING:  Spain sends army units to  Catalonia for   logistical suppo    to  Spanish riot police.   Catalan…   
The  US now finds itself in the awkward position of being on the same side as  Iran to against  kurds in  iraq
The U.S. administration,is taking iraq shia government's side  to against Kurds in  iraq .   
Iraqi central bank to stop dollar sale and transfers to  Kurdish region  
ISIS Releases Video of Captured  Russian Soldiers That  Moscow Denies Losing in Syria: syria  daesh  isil  kurds
A military ceremony has been held in  Rojava ( no h  Syria ) for a  British filmmaker ( mehmetaksoy ) ,who was kil…   
NoamChomsky: Kurdistan  referendum is legitimate kurdistan  barzani  kurds  kurdish  kurd  Kurdistanreferendum
Catalans and Kurds have a long battle ahead for true independence  
JalalTalabani, Kurdish Leader &amp; Iraq’s First Postwar President, Is Dead at 83 
Kurdish leader and ex-Iraqi president  JalalTalabani dies: state TV  
Why the Kurdish referendum is none of Turkey's business ? 
viva  Catalan, General strike in Catalonia. 
General strike in Catalonia.  3Oct
Time Is Up on Rex Tillerson  
My new blog:
The Case for Kurdistan   via  
BREAKING    Catalan health ministry has confirmed  465 people injured by  SPANISH police violence…  
CatalanReferendum so where is  HumanRights groups? so what is the  European commissioner for human rights job? whe…  
CatalanReferendum -  catalonian voters  build barricade outside polling station to prevent police from confiscatin…  
BREAKING :  Spanish police use tear gas to enter a polling station in the province of Lleida.…  
CatalanReferendum :Hundreds hu ,as  Spanish police try to stop  catalonian voters 
please help  catalonian , they urgently need you  voice 
Police violence against citizens in  Catalonia is shocking. The Spanish government must act to end i…   
:  Police violence against citizens in  Catalonia is shocking.  Spanish government must act to end it…   
Mayer of  Barcelona : All  Spain police stations attacking civilians right now, this must stop urgently…   
BREAKING Catalan government: '337 injured by Spanish police violence' during referendum -
good news :The  Catalonia police defending voters from spanish police  CatalanReferendum
look at this !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Trump suppo ing Spain to against catalonia
I have no words to describe this. Spain has lost Catalonia.
please help  Catalonia
83 people injured so far - The media becomes a target as tensions escalate in   Catalonia
People have been able to throw the  Spanish police out of another polling stations
Spanish police attacking Catalan firefighters who were trying to protect  voters.
Dear kurdish friend please stand in solidarity with  Catalonia
People have been able to throw the Spanish police out of some polling stations
Emotional Moment : dog rescues its elderly owner from  Spanish police
Catalonia need your help - where is human rights?
BREAKING   Spanish police directly shooting at civilians in  Catalonia
BREAKING :1000's of Catalans took to the streets chanting 4 freedom
Spanish Police Fire Rubber Bullets as Catalans Vote in  Referendum
please stand in solidarity with catalonia
this is real fascism- Voting begins  Spanish police crackdown voters in   Catalonia  referendumcatalonia…  
Riot police clash with voters as polls open in Catalonia's independence referendum  
BBC News - Catalan referendum: Voting begins amid police crackdown  
Catalan referendum: riot police fire rubber bullets at independence protesters - live  
Catalan referendum: riot police fire rubber bullets at independence protesters - live  
Se llevan  urnas  barceloneta  referendum  CatalanReferendum  
Catalan referendum: riot police fire rubber bullets at independence protesters - live  
El president Puigdemont vota. No poden silenciar la veu d'un poble. Votarem i guanyarem  
Catalan referendum: riot police fire rubber bullets at independence protesters - live  
Catalan referendum: riot police fire rubber bullets at independence protesters - live  
Agentes de la   requisan las urnas instaladas en el pabellón depo ivo de Sant Carles de la Rápita, Tarragona… 
La poli su  disparant  
America's new allay , ( Iran backed shia militia( Iraqi army) caring  US gun ) at the same time burning  America &amp;…   
Turkish ambassador meets  Iran backed hashdi shebi militia's top commander in Tuz Khurmatu ,  Iraqi ,  Turkey mobi…   
Catalans and Kurds Discover the Hard Truth About Secession kurdish  kurds  kurdishvote  kurd  erbil  barzani
'Disgusting': Iraqi paper depicts Kurdistan as woman facing rape  
'You call for democracy but don’t suppo  it': Kurds lash out at West  
BREAKING video :  Iraqi  Kurds vote in historic independence  referendum, shrugging off threats…   
BREAKING VIDEO SHOWS that :  Erdogan orders to attack protesters in  NewYork city -  USA 21/9/2017  STOPERDGOAN…  
BREAKING   Erdogan Security Forces  Clash with protesters in  NewYork city ,  USA  YPG  YPJ  QSD  SDF…   
BREAKING VIDEO   Erdogan Security Forces Launch ‘Brutal Attack’ on  NewYork City Protesters -  USA
BREAKING  Erdogan security guards attack protesters during NYC speech
Kareem, governor of Iraq's Kirkuk : 'We're not afraid of threats' 
Netanyahu, Sole Leader to Endorse Independent  Kurdistan, Hits Back at  Erdogan for Suppo ing Hamas   
CNN: Iraq's cou  orders suspension of Kurdish independence referendum
thousands of protesters turning up at a pro-independence rally, ahead of the scheduled September 25 vote in  Erbil…   
Israel became the 1st country to officially endorse  Kurdish independence
From Kirkuk to Catalonia, referendum votes leave much to be desired for those after autonomy   via   
once again thank you 👉 Israel 🌹 for suppo ing Independent  Kurdistan .
'200,000 Jews will settle Kurdistan': Turkey turns to fake news to discourage Kurdish referendum   
Thank you  Israel &lt;3 for suppo ing Independent  Kurdistan
Washington should think again. Barzani is correct; the Mideast times are a-changin    via  
BREAKING NEWS:heavy clash around the national hospital in the centre of the city of  Raqqah – right now  Raqqa…  
more photo in this link  isil  daesh  isil  ilslamicstate  raqqa  raqqah  syria  kurds  us
The boy who's appeared in  ISIS propaganda videos has been arrested by  US backed  Kurdish led  Syrian  SDF  (..,…   
BREAKING :  US backed  kurdish led  SDF Top commander confirmed: 70% of  Syria 's  Raqqa liberated from  ISIS .…  
An Agent from Ankara: Did  Turkey Plan To Kill  Kurdish Official in  Germany?    stoperdogan  erdogan  ypg  ypj  pkk
ISIS capital  Raqqa ,will fall very soon ,as %80 of the city liberated from  ISIL, thanks TO  US &amp;  Kurds ( YPG,…   
Ankara silent on Turkish agents allegedly caught in Iraq assassination plot   via  
PKK's Xerîb confirms their capture of Turkish MİT operatives    STOPERDOGAN  ERDOGAN  TURKEY  PKK
PKK Confirmed that some members of the  Turkish  MIT were captured by them in South Kurdistan. full repo  link :…  
isis terrorist  before and after - 28/8/2017
Turkey  Erdogan 's special police forces , insulting &amp;  killing  kurdish woman , where is  HumanRights ? shame on…   
Turkish variants of the U.S. M72 LAW anti-tank rocket keep ending up in ISIS stockpiles  
Turkey behind the attacks on  US troops in No h  Syria link:   
After ISIS – the hope of enduring peace   MacerGifford  ypg  sdf  isis  daesh  isil  islanucstate
BREAKING video:  US backed  kurdish led  Syrian  SDF captured 60% of  ISIS Capital  Raqqa, -17  ISIS killed ,clash…   
Radio Prague - Turkish cou  sentences Czechs to more than six years in prison   via  
The  US envoy to the coalition against  ISIS Says:  Turkey providing safe havens to al- Qaeda terrorists in  Syria…  
video:  Turkey's  Erdogan says : they won't allow  kurdish independence in iraq.
Freed From ISIS,  Yazidi Women Return in ‘Severe Shock’   
The Most Feminist Revolution the World Has Ever Witnessed   via ypg  ypj  qsd  sdf  kurds  rojava  kurdish
Photo that prove no one likes  Erdogan - Hamburg G20
BREAKING: US Marshals Arrest Two In Turkish Embassy Brawl   via  
Revenge for  Sinjar:  Syrian  Kurds free  IslamicState slaves    daesh  isil  nusra  isis  ypg  ypj  qsd  sdf  yazidis
BREAKING  Turkey's  Erdogan arrests  Amnesty International head &amp; lawyers
House Condemns Turkey’s Violent Crackdown on Peaceful Demonstrators stoperdogan  erdogan  turkey  ypg  sdf  ypj
Why  ISIS &amp;  Erdogan are hates the  Kurds ? link
ISIS terrorists  called for terror attacks using use vehicles like He z vans last year    daesh  isil  islamicstate
Sick  ISIS thugs entering a church in  Philippines destroyed the icons of  Jesus &amp;then set the  church on fire.…  
125  Sunni jihadi prisoners executed by Iraqi militias known as Hashdi Shabi ( Iran backed  Shia ) on the  Iraqi-…  
Turkish soldiers' gun &amp; pistols taken away by  Erdogan bodyguards before they visit dictator president in  TURKEY…  
EU countries move to block  erdogan's  Turkey from hosting  NATO summit: repo stoperdogan
The moment that  Erdogan paid $530,000 to  MikeFlynn against  Kurds &amp;  fethullah  Gulen full Vid:…   
Video shows  Erdogan forces attacking  kurds in  Syrian city  efrin since yesterday , afrin  ypg  stoperdogan  QSD…   
BREAKING  Turkey launching a massive military offensive against Arab- Kurdish  SDF who are fighting against  ISIS
BREAKING  Turkey's  Erdogan is preparing for air &amp; ground operation against  US backed  YPG in  TellAbyad  SYRIA  
Husband of Luxembourg's gay Prime Minister joins NATO WAGs   via    stoperdogan  erdogan
Did the  Turkish President’s Security Detail Attack Protesters in  Washington? What the Video Shows    stoperdogan
Senior  US. lawmakers call to condemn Turkey after Washington street brawl erdogan  stoperdogan  turkey  ypg  qsd
Kurdish protesters waiting for  Erdogan , before the NATO meeting in  Brussels!  STOPERDOGAN  YPG  YPJ  QSD  SDF…   
German intelligence says:  SalmanAbedi flew to  UK from  Turkey days before  Manchester attack
We've identified one of the more visible  Erdogan goons in last week's  Turkish embassy attack    stoperdogan  YPG 
BREAKING  Erdogan Recruits Thousands of terrorists to Fight  US Backed kurdish fighters in  Syria :   via  
video:In  US congress :Madam Speaker, Erdogan has brought his brutal crackdown on human rights to  Washington ,D.C.…   
British  MichaelEnright’s message from  Syria to the world:stand up against  ISIS ,destroy  Daesh now, tomorrow wi…   
29 members of Congress write to Secretary of State Tillerson about  Erdoganbodyguards 's attack on  US Civilians In…  
BREAKING: anti  barzani Protesters removing &amp; destroying
BREAKING  Turkey ’s  Erdogan Intelligence, provides  TURKISH ID card &amp; passpo  for members of  ISIS &amp; AL- Nusra -…   
interesting :  ERDOGAN 'S  Turkey says summons  US envoy over  Washington street brawl    STOPERDGOAN  WASHINGTON  YPG
BREAKING:  Turkish police violently detains protesters in suppo  of hunger  academics   &amp;…  
BREAKING  Erdogan 's special forces attacked a demonstration in  Ankara in suppo  of fired,hunger striking,detain…   
Sen. McCain just look at the clip &amp; throw  Turkey's ambassador the hell out  Washington no fu her information requ…  
Can Saudi women shake their King' hand like this? Haram? or Halal?
on the frontline against  ISIS , British  KimmieTaylor explains in  Kurdish why she has joined  YPJ In  Raqqah oper…   
The Daily Show’s  Trevor Noah Outraged by Footage of  Erdogan’s Security Attacking D.C. Protesters…  
VOICE OF  AMERICA TV: Video appears to show  Erdogan ordering the attack IN  WASHINGTON DC  arresterdoganbodyguards…  
VIDEO,Audio Analysis:  Erdogan Goons Were Told To ‘Attack’ Protesters   STOPERDOGAN  arresterdoganbodyguards  YPG…   
Why you should be paying attention to what happened at the Turkish ambassador's house this week stoperdogan  YPG
Another Congressman Beyer Calls 4 Expulsion of  Turkish Ambassador Over Attacks On Peaceful Protesters    stoperdogan
Another Congressman Beyer Calls For Expulsion of  Turkish Ambassador Over Attacks On Peaceful Protesters…  
Feinstein and  McCain write to  Erdogan , We cannot turn a blind eye to these actions at home   stoperdogan…   
Dear   I'm being attackd in this photo. I was assaulted by this man, strangled for protesting. Please help me…   
CNN New video footage shows  Erdogan looking on as  Turkish security officials beat up protesters in  washington  
Your Voice in the White House for  ArrestErdogansBodyguards  link
Erdogan bodyguards no strangers to beatdowns protesters, journalists in the hea  of  America &amp; no charges against…   
JohnMcCain says  Turkish ambassador   should leave the country   SOON as possible  
JohnMcCain:  Turkish ambassador should be 'thrown out' for violence    STOPERDOGAN   ArrestErdogansBodyguards
CNN    US summoned  Turkish ambassador after protester violence    
Erdogan's security guards tried to kill me in the hea  of  Washington ':    stoperdogan  kurds   ypg  ypj  sdf  qsd
New video surfaced showing the  Erdogan watching as his security team violently charge protesters in Washington, D.C.  
BREAKING  NawshirwanMustafa the leader of the Opposition in  Iraqi  Kurdistan died in  sulaymaniyah @ 8 AM…  
Rojava leadership, LISTEN TO WHAT  US.STATE DEP MET IS SAYING, OUR RELATIONSHIP IS TEMPORARY, TRANSSHN…   
Rojava leadership,LISTEN TO WHAT U.S.STATE DEP MET IS SAYING, OUR RELATIONSHIP IS TEMPORARY,TRANSSHNAL…   
Hea breaking video STATE DEP: we are using the  Kurds untill  war on  ISIS ended soon our needs are…  
simply says : we are using the Kurds untill  war on  ISIS ended  soon our needs are satisfied ,we don't care about the Kurds!! shame full 
BREAKING 1 Day after  Trump –  Erdogan meeting  US state depa ment says:our relationship with  Kurdish  YPG is a…  
Turkey paid  $500,000 to Flynn to  stopped US military plan for arming Syrian kurds ypg   ypj  sdf  qsd  rojava 
Online Campaign to Identify “  Erdogan ’s Bodyguards” Following Assault via  
AMERICAN  lawmakers calling for  turkey'S  Erdogan to apologize urgently
US Senator Dick Black Erdogan's brutality comes to our country as his guards beat up American protesters. With…   
Former  US National Security Adviser on $500,000 Turkey's payroll blocked arming of  Kurds in  Syria   via   
BREAKING A group of  US Republican lawmakers  include  🤞calling for  turkey'S  Erdogan to apologize…  
Video: is it true that  US secret service released last 2  Erdogan’s guards without charges? full video…  
US Police Depa ment Confirmed  Erdogan 's bodyguards attacked on protesters &amp;  members of the press. in…  
Here's why Turkish  Erdogan 's bodyguards in bloody DC stoperdogan  ArrestErdogansBodyguards   turkish  ypg  KURDS
we are waiting president  TRUMP 's response – as  Erdogan's bodyguards  attacked  US citizen in the US soil &amp; cover…  
VOA news :   The  US State Depa ment declined to comment   on  Erdoğan bodyguard's attack on  American protesters…   
This is how  Trump wants to make  America great again?  Erdogan's bodyguards insulting  American citizen in  US…  
Erdogan 's bodyguards  insulting 3  kurdish women in the hea  of  Washington dc 😢😡this is how  Trump wants to mak…  
What a shame !  Erdoğan s bodyguards attacked protesters,in the hea  of  America,in front of American police in…   
Erdoğan's bodyguards' in violent clash with  kurdish protesters in  Washington 9 people injured    trump  SDF  YPG
BREAKING  Erdogan’s security personnel (in black suits) brutally attacked  protesters in the hea  of  America – 5…  
BREAKING : Erdogan ’s Security guard attacked protesters outside the white house in  Washington Full video link :…  
More evidence  Erdogan behind coup  
BREAKING  Turkey has now set up their own military checkpoints across  Barzani control  IRAQI   Kurdistan ( Duhok)…  
Syria’s  Kurds Are Not the  PKK just  stoperdogan full repo  by  Aldarkhaalil ypg  ypj  qsd  SDF  KURDS  ROJAVA
Armenian- American s to protest  Erdogan in  Washington   
BREAKING Anti  ISIS Foreign fighters in  Syria confirmed that  kurdish  Barzani forces kidnapped 9 of their fighte…  
PENTAGON unimpressed with the  Erdogan 'S alternative to recapture  Raqqa -cuz   The  ypg  ypj has amazing fighters 
mother day in  kurdish cities in south east  Turkey ,as killing,jailing ... kurds continue by  Erdogan 's forces da…   
US backed  kurdish led  SDF fighters have liberated 3 villages in N.  Raqqa ,after heavy clash last night raqqah 
Erdogan threatened to use force to strike at  US forces pa nering with  Syrian  KurdS against  ISIS in  Syria  ypg  
one of the most problematic aspects of the war against the ISIS has been the role of  Erdogan Suppo ing  ISIL DAESH  
Barzani sending his son,Masrour Barzani with  ERDOGAN to  Washington on May 16 for helping erdogan to convince…   
Sulaymaniyah is not under control of barzani
This book it's  Islamicstate jihad book(how to kill people in  Turkish language) , Printed in  Istanbul –  Turkey b…   
first  kurdish female  Pilot , MS we y abubakar from  Sulaymaniyah 
(VIDEO) Kurdish Female fighters ( YPJ) advance on  ISIS 'capital' of  Raqqa   Raqqah IN  SYRIA .  DAESH…  
BREAKING  US backed  kurdish led  SDF is just 2 km away from  IslamicState 's terrorists capital  Raqqa  raqqah…  
on the front-line against  ISIS in  tabqa , video recorded by  POLISH -  YPG FIGHTER On 10 of may 2017  YPJ  QSD…   
breaking  Turkish jets bombing iraqi kurdish , villages in Amadia , iraqi kurdistan pkk  stoperdgoan  kurds  ypg 
Aside from the Israelis,the  Kurds are the Middle Easts most capable fighters    Israel  ypg  ypj  raqqah  raqqa  isis 
British actor &amp;  YPG fighter   MichaelEnright plays with the children in  Tabqa. after defeated  ISIS From  Tabqah…  
AS  Kurdish-led forces advance on  ISIS -held  Raqqa, markets in RaqqaH have been closed YPG  YPJ  QSD  SDF  SYRIA 
story sta s in 2014,when  ISIS assaulted  Kobani &amp; Erdogan moved tanks to the border &amp; Enjoyed watching    ypg  sdf 
US backed  kurdish female fighters ( YPJ ) welcoming Civilians who have manged to escape from  ISIS In  Raqqa…  
please  stoperdogan to enter America on May 16 ,as he is a BIG FAN &amp; suppo er of  ISIS &amp; al  nusra link…   
Coalition confirms  Tabqa liberation,calls  SDF  YPG ‘most committed’ pa ner against  ISIS    DAESH  ISIL  YPJ  KURDS 
JeremyCorbyn   LabourPa y leader  UK :“have witnessed the way  Kurdish people have been very very badly treated”…  
Kurdish fighters in  Syria    We won't sell our souls for guns  YPG  YPJ  QSD  SDF  KURDS  RAQQAH  RAQQA  TABQA 
BREAKING  Barzani the simple of shame for kurds,arrested 9 foreign volunteers who had joined  YPG against  ISIS -&gt;…   
BREAKING 9 foreign volunteers who had joined the  KURDISH  YPG against  ISIS kidnapped by  Iraqi  Barzani's forces…  
HiwaOsman’s  interview to the  BBC : Erdogan helping  ISIS ,THAT IS WHY he is  bombing  Kurds  YPG  LINK…   
US backed KURDISH  fighters take down  ISIS FLAG IN  tabqa DAM IN  SYRIA @ _com…  
BREAKING   US backed  kurdish &amp;  arab fighters ( YPG ,  YPJ, SDF) Take down  ISIS Flag in  TabqaDam…   
BREAKING  US backed  kurdish Led fighters ( YPG , YPJ, SDF)Take down  ISIS Flag in  TabqaDam  Syria 12/5/2017…   
Odds appear stacked against success of  Erdogan- Trump meeting    stoperdgoan  turkey  ypg  ypj  isis  daesh  pkk  HDP
full video:  US.-backed  Kurdish led  SDF,captured Tabqa  TABQAH dam  from  IslamicState  isis  daesh…   
BREAKING Al  Qaeda financier meets  Turkey  Erdogan 's religious affairs chief link:    
video: US backed  kurdish led  SDF Fighters liberated  tabqa &amp;  Tabqah dam completely from  ISIS control in  Syria.…  
BREAKING  SDF COMMANDER  RojdaFelat Confirmed :  tabqa &amp;  tabqa dam completely liberated from  ISIS terrorists lin…  
Rally Against Dictatorship:  Protest  Erdogan's White House Visit   
The banners (3'x8') ordered by activist for the protest against  Erdogan at the White House next Tuesday 16/5/2017…  
UK seeks 10-year sentence for  British man who fought Against   IslamicState Kom News    isis  daesh  ypg  ypj  syria
BREAKING Troop reinforcements from  SDF  Manbij Military Council arrived earlier today to pa icipate in the battl…  
7,000  Barzani forces withdrew from  Sinjar instead of battling  ISIS,leaving the  Yazidis at the hands of  ISIL   
Pres  Trump 🤞🤞 Approves Plan to Arm  Syrian  Kurds in May 2017 as he promised d election last year (2016)  …  
Approves Plan to Arm  Syrian  Kurds in May 2017 as he promised during election last year (2016)…  
US Depa ment Of Defence to provide 'limited arms' to  kurdish fighters in  Syria  daesh  isis  ypg  ypj…  
VIDEO :Trump administration approves plan to arm Syrian  Kurds against  IslamicState  DAESH  ISIS  ISIL  RAQQAH…  
Erdogan's police removed  kurdish women's head &amp; chest covering &amp; said   red yellow &amp; green is colours of terrorist…   
Erdogan thinks he can blackmail  Trump on 16/5/2017 in  Washington   LINK    SDF  QSD  YPG  YPJ  ISIS  RAQQA  TABQA
IslamicState leader al- Baghdadi calls on  ISIS to 'head towards  Raqqa': monitor - Kom News    DAESH  ISIL  SDF  YPG
Russia betray the  Kurds through  Turkey deal in  Rojava same as how Russia betrayed  kurds in1946  Mahabad  iran
Russia pushing  Turkey into  Rojava to force  Kurds submit to Assad rule: PKK official warned  Russia to step back    
Video: 500 Al- nusra(al-  Qaeda) terrorists finished their military training inside  sivas Police school in  Turkey…  
Jesper Söder    May 4    I found this in a dese ed  Daesh Police car today that we seized    Erdogan &amp;…   
Turkish Official: We May Launch Rockets at  US Forces in  Syria 'by Accident'    tabqa  raqqah  raqqa  sdf  ypg  ypj
video: US backed  SDF / YPG captured in  Tabqah: all the weapons used by   ISIS in  tabqa- Syria provided by…  
ISIS &amp;  turkey' Coordination Center captured by  US backed  Syrian democratic forces  SDF in  tabqa –  Syria 5/5/2…   UZ
BREAKING  Iraqi kurdish  Barzani hands over wounded  kurdish  PKK Fighters to  Turkey , Shame ON YOU   KRG link…   
Front-line:  Women( YPJ ) fighting  IslamicState terrorists –  tabqa – Syria 4/5/2017 Clash continues  Tabqah…  
Turkey threatens to strike  US forces pa nered with  Kurdish militias in  Syria -   daesh  isis  isil  ypg  ypj  SDF
US Troops Protect  Syrian  Kurds From  NATO Ally  Turkey   
Ask the Syrian  kurds &amp;  YPG What will   do, listen to  Erodgan? 
video:Heavy clash continuing between  ISIS &amp; Us backed  kurdish led  SDF  ypg fighters, at the end of the city of…   
95% of the  ISIS Stronghold  tabqa liberated - black flag removed from the central of the city by  US backed…  
Russian forces would begin monitoring the situation along the  Syria- Turkey frontier near  kurdish city of  Afrin…  
BREAKING  ISIS attacked Refugee camp in  Rojava (No h  syria)  Syria- Iraq border killed 37 refugees  &amp;100's inju…  
Kurds From  Rojava (no h  Syria ) Greet  US Troops &amp; saying “thank  USA for protecting us From  Turkey’s  Erdogan…  
Dear Ari  My special thanks to you  for the wonderful video making Project. no different between barza…  

its Russian flag  
ypg  fighters  &amp;  Russian commander in  Afrin-Turkey border
Video: ISIS used  NATO'S Weapons (Provided BY  turkey’s  Erdogan ) against  US backed  SDF fighters in  Tabqah –…  
US backed  SDF  YPG Captured  ISIS bomb factory in  tabqa &amp; 95% of  Tabqah liberated from  ISIL + 40  Daesh KILLED…  
BREAKING  US backed  kurdish led  Syrian Democratic forces 🌹 SDF🥀
Local journalists repo ing : Russia  deploys troops to  ROJAVA - turkey border near  AFRIN - in  syria…  
BREAKING 1000’S Of civilians fleeing  ISIS In  Raqqa &amp;  Tabqah,they urgently need FOOD &amp; Medicine,  UN is doing no…   
BREAKING : Battle of  tabqa ,Street fighting Between  kurdish female fighters ( YPJ ) &amp;  ISIS  in  SYRIA 30/4/2017…   
BREAKING  US Backed  kurdish led  SDF have liberated 6 neighbourhood in  in  Tabqah –  Syria  Qsd  ypg  ypj  ISIS…  
Tabqa offensive:  US backed  Kurdish led  SDF  ISIS Missile factory In Syria...    daesh  noflyzone4rojava  kurds
BREAKING: US backed  Kurdish led  SDF forces Captured  ISIS Missile factory In  tabqa -  Syria  Tabqah  QSD  YPJ…  
Hundreds of us will die in  Raqqa’:the women fighting  Isis    raqqah  tabqa  tabqah  daesh  ypg  sdf  ypj  qsd  kurds
Bristol man who went to Syria 2 fight ISIS charged with terror offence    DAESH  ISIS  KURDS  KURDISH  RAQQA  YPG  YPJ
US-led coalition disagrees with  Turkey over  YPG- PKK ties ypj  qsd  SDF  KURDS  KURDISH  Noflyzone4rojava  ISIS
KimmieTaylor, 28, travelled to no hern  Syria to help in the fight against the  IslamicState  Erdgoan bombed &amp; ki…   
German fighter in  tabqa with evidence : we are about to liberate  Tabqah but  Turkey suppo ing  isis ,please sta…   
BREAKING in photo, Tabqa is about to be liberated from  ISIL, BY  US Backed  kurdish led  SDF in  Syria – 2000 Civ…   
Turkish forces shell  Syrian  Kurdish residential area in  Afrin no h  syria &amp; ignoring  US army’s warning   YPJ…  
woman from  tal_abyad :  Tabqa is near to fall &amp; liberate from  ISIS by  SDF / YPG / YPJ,WHY  Erdogan attacking us…   
U.S. forces to monitor situation along  Syria- Turkey border   YPG commander - stoperdogan  noflyzone4rojava  ypj
Ilham Ahmed We're America's best friend in Syria. Turkey bombed us every day . stoperdgoan  noflyzone4rojava  isis
BREAKING  US deploys new troops between  Turkey &amp;  Syrian  Kurdish borders to prevent  Turkish advances against…  
Kurds fighting  ISIS &amp;  Erdogan bombing  kurds -  NoFlyZone4rojava @ _com   Daesh
video: 23  ISIS were killed &amp; 60  Yazidi women rescued by  kurdish FEMALE FIGHTERS  YPJ  link…  
BREAKING  US backed  kurdish female fighters killed 23  ISIS &amp; Rescued 60  Yazidi women from Them in  tabqa -…  
BREAKING  Turkish jets bomb  US backed  kurdish YPG control area in N  SYRIA -6 villages &amp;   YPG radio station kno…  
Erdogan  is a more dangerous threat than  ISIS,  Turkey's bombing of  Yazidis wrecks group's only medical clinic |   
Turkey's  Erdogan trying to disrupt  Raqqa operation THAT is why he is attacking  kurdish forces to help  ISIS    
BREAKING  Turkish army attacking  US backed kurdish  YPG targets in villages Sûsikê &amp; Girê Sor in  TalAbyad many c…  
Erdogan awarded those pilots who bombed &amp; killed  Kurds in  ROJAVA ( SYRIA) &amp;  Sinjar ( Iraq )  stoperdogan  ypg…  
NoFlyZone4Rojava  
deep concern mean double standard, as  US CDR  SAYS Turkey informed us 1h before the attack on…   
I think  Trump is dishonest with the  Kurds in  Syria, US CMDR says  Turkey informed us 1h before the attack on…   
LINK  
BREAKING The  SDF  have stopped their military operations in  Raqqa after  Turkish planes bombed  YPG headqua ers…  
If  Trump hadn't telephoned  Erdogan &amp; congratulated him  Turkey WOULD'VE never felt emboldened 2 behave &amp; hu s th…  
YPG   YPJ &amp;  SDF will withdraw from  Raqqa cuz Erdogan says    WE COORDINATED WITH  US &amp;  Russia for attacking YPG  …   
BREAKING once again  Turkey attacks  US backed  kurdish fighters in  Syria - heavy clash continuing  SDF  YPJ  QSD…  
Video: Erdogan says  Turkish airstrikes on  Yazidis in  sinjar, Iraq coordinated with Massoud  Barzani  StopErdogan…   
Erdogan we coordinate with  Russia,  America &amp;  Barzani to attack  US backed  YPG  in…   
BREAKING  Erdogan says:we coordinate with  Russia,  America &amp;  Barzani to attack  US backed  YPG  in  Syria &amp; Iraq…   
BREAKING  Erdogan says    airstrike on  sinjar &amp;  YPG in  syria was within knowledge of the  US, Russian &amp;  barzani…   
BREAKING once again  Turkey bombed Anti  ISIS,  Kurdish fighters in  Iraq 6 killed ,Trump telephoned Erdogan- was…   
BREAKING  YPG Commander says 20 ypg fighter were killed in  Turkish airstrike &amp; 18 injured in no h  Syria…  
Erdogan bombed  YPG in  Syria &amp; also bombed  yazidi fighters in  sinjar as he is Desperately want To Save  isil in…  
A people that is fighting  ISIS is being stabbed in the back by  Erdogan,8 killed &amp; 21 injured in  sinjar by…   
Tabqah is just about to fall. This is why  Erdogan attacking  YPG IN  SYRIA &amp;  YAZIDI  FIGHTERS IN  sinjar   Tabqa…  
BREAKING At least 20   US backed  Kurdish  YPG  YPJ fighters were killed in  Turkish air strikes in  Syria  link…  
BREAKING  SDF&amp;  YPG will stop  Raqqa operation as  Trump is silent on   Erdogan's bombs on kurds in  syria &amp;  iraq…  
BREAKING  Turkey bombed  US backed  Kurdish fighters  YPG in  Syria – why is  Trump silent on this huge  Turkish a…  
BREAKING Turkey conducts airstrikes on  YPG in  Rojava  Syria  &amp;  yazidi fighters in  sinjar ,  IRAQ FULL REPO …   
BREAKING  Turkish jets bombed  yazidis in mt  sinjar in  iraq, 5 killed &amp; 15 civilians injured  Peshmerga  ypj…   
Video:  Italian repo er  GabrieleDelGrande  depo ed by  Turkey's   Erdogan after two weeks in jail  PressFreedom…  
Iran has seeded terror groups all over the world,   And we will work to dismantle that reach.    Trump said  …   
Protest against  Turkey  Referendum fraud... Continue – 15 arrested in  Istanbul
WrathOfEuphrates  raqqah  raqqa  tabqa  Tabqah  tabqa  ypg  ypj  qsd  sdf  rojava  syria  kurds  kurdish  ISIS…   
breaking  Erdogan released 15 jailed  ISIS  terrorist  in  Konya  turkey
Istanbul protest
BREAKING  Ankara thousands Demanding Cancellation of  referendum Results in  Turkey   Turkeyreferendum…  
BREAKING  Istanbul Cou house,1000's Demanding Cancellation of  Turkeyreferendum Results &amp; interior minister says…   
Analysis | Why Turkish opposition pa ies are contesting the referendum results  
BREAKING  İzmir Bornova  Turkish police &amp;  Erdogan ’s volunteer militia attacking &amp; arresting  protesters – right…  
BREAKING thousands took to the street in  istnabul , slogans “fascists , killer  Erdogan ”   StopErdogan…   
BREAKING  TURKISH  Security forces  &amp;  erdogan’s volunteer militia clash with protesters in  Gazi &amp;  1Mayıs -…  
BREAKING Protest against  Erdogan over
BREAKING   Ankara Protest against  Erdogan &amp; Supreme Electoral Council of  Turkey Voting scandals…  
BREAKING Protest in  Istanbul over supreme Electoral Council of  turkey  cheating &amp; helping  Erdogan against oppos…  
BREAKING protest against  Erdogan continuing in  istanbul over   turkeyreferundum voting scandals &amp; cheating-Polic…  
Updated :  Erdogan ’s extra 1,500 000 yes vote scandals repo ed 10 hours ago 
here is the link of  Erdogan’s extra 1,500 000 illegal yes votes scandals - repo ed 9h ago link…   
&amp;  HDP we warned you u 8h ago    Erdogan added 1,500 000 illegal “yes” votes   link    Turkeyreferendum 
here is the link of that tweet 8h ago :we told u  Erdogan added 1,500 00 illegal “yes”votes   
remember ?we told you 8h ago --&gt;  Erdogan added 1,500 000 illegal “yes” votes? here is d  link…   
BREAKING  Turkey, Istanbul Gazi Mahallesi  1 dead many injured  clash continuing between police &amp; protesters…   
Erdogan suppo er's msg is very clear , killing and destroying  Turkey 
BREAKING:  Erdogan ordered &amp; added 1,500 000 stamped “Yes” Vote Ballot Papers (in different locations)to guarantee…   
BREAKING :1,500 000 Yes Vote Ballot Papers 
A terrorist bomb blast hit a bus convoy waiting to cross into gov-held  Aleppo in  Syria on Saturday 126  dead , 28…   
ISIS terrorist caught dressing in WOMEN'S clothes attempt to flee in  Syria
Taqqa offensive , heavy clash continuing, 15  ISIS Terrorist killed by US Backed  SDF -Inisde  Tabqah city -…   
Jihadists who decapitated priests in Syria got help from Turkeys intelligence    ISIS  DAESH  ISI  DAESH  ISLAMICSTATE
US-led coalition strike kills 18 US Backed ,   Kurdish led SDF fighters in  tabqa  tabqah  kurds  raqqah  raqqa…   
Dear baxtiyar thank you for your rep , but  no date on that video , can be old video though , 
BREAKING  kurdish flag has been removed from many gov building in  kirkuk
tabqa offensive  Syria :Treating Injured  ISIS fighter by  SDF man &amp;  kurdish  YPJ woman    YPG  QSD  ISIL  DAESH…  
Turkey new constitution is  similar to what is currently happening in Venezuela   stoperdogan  Erdgoan  HDP
SDF urgently need Tanks in  Tabqah ,but not getting many as pa  of  Erodgan  US DEAL ,  Journalist told us this m…   
If Theresa May really wants to protect refugees why does she fuel such hatred? | Aditya Chakrabo ty  
BREAKING  US Backed  kurdish / SDF fighters have besieged the  ISIS Strong hold  Tabqah city from 3 sides  tabqa…  
Erdogan : Europe don't know what is the mean of International law, our action against EU WILL STA  AFTER 16/4…   
BREAKING:Erdogan:   Europe has to pay heavy price    Sweden  daesh  isil  isil  germany @ _com   
BREAKING video shows  Erdoğan threatening  European countries 2 days before the  Stockholm terror attack…  
the clear msg from  SWEDISH people to  ISIL terrorists, after  stockholmattack : on the  police car flowers +…   
Another 3 village Liberated From  ISIS – 7 KM away from  Tabqa in  Syria .
stockholm sweden
Becauase: in  SWEDEN Police is the law enforcement officers, but  In  Turkey police is   Erdogan’s special forces a…   
Erdogan's NEWSPaper --&gt;   Sweden faced the truck terror because it refused  Turkish ministers' campaign…  
thanks to  Kurds &amp;  SDF ,  We are safe and we can live free now 
BREAKING : Erdogan ordered to ban pro  kurdish  HDP's referendum music ( Bêjin NA kurdish song )  stoperdogan…  
Tabqa airbase in  Syria    NOW   
New video: Inside  Tabqah airbase in  Syria ,Airbase Conve ed to  ISIS terrorists training camp For attacking…   
War in  Syria and Iraq: How foreign fighters got caught up in  Kurdish clash sinjar  shingal  yazidi  kurds  ypg
3 women scaped from  ISIS ,  They crawled 3KM – arrived safely now – full repo  
On the run from  ISIS:3 women crawled on a distance of 3 km until they reached the Kurdish female fighters  in  Dei…  
British woman fighting  ISIS goes on hunger strike ypg  ypj  qsd  sdf  kurds  kurdish  daesh  islamicstate
BREAKING THE Man Who Shot  Pope  JohnPaul ii in 1981 ,SAYS He is preparing for new attack 👈 in  👉Europe   FRANCE…   
ale : in this video  erdogan backed  Terrorists says he will   Attack  France &amp;  Netherlands   impo ant plz share  
King Abdullah of Jordan: “The fact that terrorists are going to Europe is pa  of Turkish policy”
Dear mr  trump i don't like  Assad but  IdlibGasAttack organised by  Erdogan &amp; al   Nusra terrorists ,to get no fla…   
Opinion: i think  Erdogan is behind chemical attack in  IdlibGasAttack not Assad,he done this to get  approval of n…   
@ _Erdogan  BREAKING  Turkey's Erdogan syas    kirkuk is a Turkman city   not the Kurds   
@ _Erdogan  BREAKING  Turkey's Erdogan syas    kirkuk is a Turkman city   not the Kurds   
BREAKING  Turkey's Erdogan syas    kirkuk is a Turkman city   not the Kurds 

The women who sleep with a stranger to save their marriage
BREAKING  US Defense Advisor after visits  Kobani &amp; No h  syria, said: kurdish Led  SDF is ‘Well-Run, Well-Led’ 
BREAKING  Turkey  Kurds ’ hunger strike on day 50: ‘This could be our last meeting’  Amnesty  hrw  HumanRights…  
US has expanded a runway at a  Kobani ✌️air base to accommodate the large C-17 military plane  ROJAVA  QSD  SDF…  
BREAKING governor of  Kirkuk accuses  Turkey of meddling in  Iraq ’s internal affairs &amp; he said kurdish flag will…  
Syrian rebels used Sarin nerve gas, not Assad’s regime: U.N. official -   -  DAESH  ISIS  ISIL  NUSRA  Idlib 
Good morning Mr Barzani/ Bir uykunun daha sonuna geldik
KingAbdullah of  Jordan: Erdoğan believes in a radical  Islamic &amp; he is sending Terrorists to  Europe .  ISIS
Governor of  kirkuk  says:
BREAKING  Kirkuk council rejects  Erdogan &amp;  Iraq's demand to remove  kurdish flag on state buildings  kerkuk…  
Kurds Hold Key to Regional Balance of Power -    stoperdogan  erdgoan  ypj  ypg  hayir  pkk  kurds  kirkuk  kerkuk
Erdogan’s security guard beat &amp; arrests a man just because he said: “no “for  referendum2017 in  turkeys…  
BREAKING: Turkey's  Erdogan calls on  Iraqi  Kurds to Pull down  Kurdish flag in  Kirkuk or pay a heavy price…  
please watch &amp; share  this video if you know  Turkish language, please help humanity  TURKEY  STOPERDOGAN  HDP…   
German Intel Expe  Says  Erdoğan Was Behind Failed Coup  in  Turkey link stoperdogan  HDP  KURDS  hayir  erdo
raising  kurdish   YPG &amp;  YPJ flag by  Italian  Durango City Council
real story of how  IslamicState  terrorists brain washing kids   : This  Kurdish boy spent almost 9 months in  ISIS…  
Barbaric  ISIS repo edly put a suicide vest on this little boy in  Iraq  Mosul 24 of march 2017  daesh  isil…   Bj9
Kobani airbase will be the HQ for  US.-led coalition operations to retake  Raqqa NOT  Turkey's Incirlik…  
BREAKING  US Backed  Kurdish Led  SDF Enters  ISIS STRONG HOLD  tabqa from south &amp; east of the city  Tabqah   SDF…  
With Turks out,  Raqqa operation is sho  of tanks    SDF  QSD  YPG  YPJ   KURDISH  KURDISTAN  RAQQAH  TABQA  TABQAH 
BREAKING As  ISIS squeezed in  Raqqa 7000 of civilians flee from  ISIL to the no h  Syria ( ROJAVA)…  
5 yo boy who saved 5000  civilians from  ISIS with his white flag- they urgently need food &amp; medicine in No h…  
BREAKING:  US Backed  Kurdish / SDF forces encircle  Tabqa IN  SYRIA  as  ISIL attacks collapses on outski s of…  
US backed  kurdish led  SDF/ YPG Successfully Repels  ISIS Attack near  Tabqah Airbase in no h  Syria  Raqqa…  
isis attacked  US backed  SDF positions to re take  tabqa airbase but failed &amp; crushed badly  WrathOfEuphrates…  
Netherlands based Professional pro  kurdish news web site  banned as special request from  Erdogan  stoperdogan…  
BREAKING EU Based , PRO  kurdish website (kom news .com) banned by google &amp; twitter as request of  Erdogan :(…   
Kobani airbase will be the HQ for  US.-led coalition operations to retake  Raqqa NOT  Turkey's  Incirlik SDF  YPG
Pentagon official   They got their asses kicked in  Syria   &amp; we dont want Erdogan's help in  raqqah :)    SDF  YPG  YPJ 
On the front line against  ISIS Near  Reqqa ,clash continuing  Raqqah  Tabqah  TabqaDam  SDF  QSD  YPG  YPJ…   
this terrorist who is standing NEXT TO  Erdogan,he stabbed 2 kurdish women in  Brussels, Belgium ,ran into  Turkish…   
Evidence photo: Those who advocate for a 'no' vote in  Turkey are faced with a series of obstructions  stoperdogan…  
American  KaneHarlly explains why He has joined  KURDISH  YPG against  ISIS ROJ NEWS  repo ed  SDF  QSD…  
human right watch:  Iraqi  kurdish  barzani forcess shot at unarmed civilians killed one &amp; inured 7 in  sinjar  --&gt;&gt;  
BREAKING Kurds were stabbed by pro-government thugs ,At least 3  kurds were stabbed outside the  Turkish embassy i…   
BREAKING  AT LEAST three people have been stabbed outside the Turkish Consulate in  Brussels by  Erdogan suppo er…  
kurdish youth group protests show depth of anger against  Erdogan  in front of the  Turkish embassy in  Brussels -…  
Turkey Is a Dictatorship Masquerading as a NATO Democracy  
Social justice 'warriors' jump into Kurdish-Syrian struggle |  ypg  ypj  qsd  sdf  isis  isil  daesh  islamicstate
BREAKING 500  Kurds kidnapped by   Syrian regime, Shia militias near  Aleppo  afrin  efrin  kurds  kurdish…   
kurdish girls vs  ISIS ,with the special thanks to  US,cleanup operation continuing &amp;  ISI top commander killed by…   
BREAKING ISIS top commander killed by Kurdish girl in Syria  video link:  daesh  isil  islamicstate  nusra  YPJ
US-backed  KURDISH Led   SDF  forces 'capture' Tabqa airbase from  ISIL IN  SYRIA  
VIDEO: ISIS top commander Abu omar al-Almani &amp; all his body guards killed by 3  kurdish  YPJ girls near  tabqa airb…  
kurdish girl killed  german most wanted terrorist Abu omar al-Almani video link   Daesh  isis  isil  IslamicState
BREAKING VIDEO  ISIS top commander &amp;  German born terrorist Abu Umar al Almani killed by  kurdish  YPJ  YPG female…  
Turkish Foreign Ministry summons  Swiss ambassador over protest against  Erdogan in Bern &amp; this photo  stoperdogan…  
BREAKING Top  ISIS commander Ebu Omer El Elmani ( German Citizen) killed in  Tabqa  syria  by  kurdish led  SDF…  
Evidence video: Those who advocate for a 'no' vote in  Turkey are faced with a series of obstructions  stoperdogan…  
YPG vs  ISIS drama by  hollywood star,  JakeGyllenhaal  &amp; film director Daniel  espinosa full VIDEO…   
British commander:  Kurds will take  ISIS-held  Raqqa, not  Turkey  ypg  ypj  qsd  sdf  isis  daesh  isil  kurd 
Exclusive : US backed  kurdish led  SDF liberated 40% of  TabqaDam From  ISIS &amp; captured 10  daesh fighters alive…  
Exclusive : Tabqah dam offensive,40% Liberated from  ISIS ,Clash continuing around  TabqaDam full video:…   
BREAKING Tabqa dam offensive,  40% Liberated from  ISIS , Clash continuing FULL VIDEO    tabqadam  Tabqa  tabqah 
extra3 - new song for Erdogan  stoperdogan  Erdogan  amed  diayrbakir  sur  sirnak  cizre  Nusaybin  kurds  kurdish…  
New song for  Turkey's  erdogan from  German TV  Extra3 (  The Lambie Pie-Moustache-Chef-Osman  )   stoperdogan  HDP…   
video of   US-BACKED  Kurdish Led  SDF
Turkey bombs  Kurdish villages no hwest  Syria ( afrin )
video:  Erdogan clearly said he will attack  Europeans,but  EU is just, Sit &amp; Watched,few hour later  Erodogan’s…   
Couple of hours  after THREATENING EUROPEAN BY  Erdogan, London attack happened  ISIS  DAESH 
Erdogan warns  Europeans,will not walk safely on the streets if if diplom... PrayForLondon  WeAreNotAfraid  ISIS 
BREAKING video   Turkey's  Erdogan warns  Europeans 'will not walk safely on the streets' if diplomatic row contin…  
Turkish  Erdogan ’s police have shot &amp; killed a innocent  Kurdish uni student In  Diyarbakir just for fun…  
Turkish police killed  kurdish Uni student in front of Camera, as  erdogan don’t care about  humanrights any more…   
The case against  Turkey BY    European Parliament’s rappo eur From Turkey  stoperdogan  erdogan  HDP  KURDS
BREAKING: clash between   PKK backed   yazidi female fighters( YPŞ) &amp;  ISIS are continuing in  Sinjar    21/3/2017…  
Breaking:  US-backed  Kurdish-led  Syrian democratic forces are very close to raqqa  isis  daesh  raqqa   raqqah…  
BREAKING  ISIS terrorists attacked  yazidis in  sinjar
if you know  kurdish (sorani) watch this video interview with
American consulate general  kudish new year celebration 2017 -  ERBIL  Iraq  NEWROZ  NAWROZ  nooroz  nevorz  amed…  
Turkey: Crackdown on Kurdish Opposition  
ISIS terrorists dug 100's of secret underground tunnels in  raqqah to stop  SDF &amp;  YPG advance as well as evade co…  
fazilmirani  barzani  rudaw  kurdistan24  krg  ypg  ypj  kurdish  kurdish  erdogan  kurdish  HDP  AMED  diyarbakir…  
BREAKING Five  SDF members arrested for to uring  ISIS militant  
BBC News - Germany Turkey: 30,000 Kurds in Frankfu  anti-Erdogan protest   
BREAKING: Yazidi girl who escaped from  ISIS,shot dead by  iraqi  kurdish  Barzani forces in the front of her moth…   
Kurdish  YPG top commander. Redurkhalil sending message to president  Trump link
Opinion | Turkey is about to take another step toward dictatorship stoperdogan  erdogan  hdp  turkey  kurdish  ypg
BREAKING: IRAQI  kurdish  barzani  &amp;  Turkey backed Roj  peshmarga attacking  yazidis in sinjar  amnesty
The Dark side of  Iraqi  Kurdistan that  KRG  Barzani hiding from Western world &amp;  HumanRights   amnesty full video…  
10 Shocking documented that iraqi kurdish Barzani hiding from Western world  full video    ypg  ypj  qsd  SDF  ROJAVA

Anti  ISIS  fighter from  UK calls on Int community  to help  KurdS in  Syria on the fight against  ISIS  FULL VIDE…  
situation has gone worse in South east Turkey , kurds under attack in  Turkey  stoperdogan  erdogan  kurds  amed…   
United nation  U Reject  Turkey's claim, and says    no ethnic cleansing by  Kurds (  YPG &amp; $SDF) in no hern Syria  …   
BREAKING   Iraqi  kurdish  KRG  barzani forces attacked   Yazidis (non Muslim) in  sinjar  many  civilians were ki…  
BREAKING  KRG  Barzani forces used  German dingo &amp; G63 KILLED 4  injured 14 yazidi   civilians in  Khanasor -…  
Member of  European parliament sending  'Strong Message to Turkey and Erdogan  stoperdogan  HDP  Netherlands  Turkey  
In  Samsun  Turkey , the Flag of  France was burned,  saying it was the Netherlands Flag.&lt;--   AzizNasin said    90…   
video : The moment , Dutch police depo s  Turkish   minister  ( FatmaBetulSayanKaya ) 
BREAKING  Turkey Launches Military Operation to fight against  PKK  in  Iraq - qandil as  Iraqi  kurdish   KRG…  
very very  interesting live vote result  about   erdogan  stoperdogan  
U.N. documents serious human rights violations in southeast Turkey   via  
Fight IS, sta  &amp; 8216;revolution': Why foreigners join Syria Kurds   
spiegel :KURDISH Barzani used german weapon killed  yezidis in sinjar  6.3.2017    
kurdish barzani forces killed 10 yazidi fighters in sinjar 4/3/2017 amnesty  hrw  UN  SINJAR  Shingal  kurds
we are calling US,GERMAN ,French gov for immediate investigation as barzani forces used  their heavy weapons against Kurds 
we are calling UN,Amensty Int,HRW for immediate investigation on this massacre in Sinjar by Iraqi Kurdish Barzani forces 
BREAKING Shocking new footage of  kurdish  Barzani forces massacre (against  Yazidis ) in  sinjar 4/3/2017…  
Protest against  KDP  Barzani’s attack on  Yazidis in MT  sinjar continuing in  sulaymaniyah  Iraqi  Kurdistan 4/3/…  
The moment that  Turkish backed terrorists attacked  YPG/ SDF positions in  Manbij in  Syria  –see what happened ne…  
Turkish &amp;  US-backed  Kurdish forces  clash near  Syria's  Manbij
BREAKING  Turkey ,attacks  US backed  kurdish led  SDF in  syrian city of  Manbij - happening right now   raqqah…   
this video is old ( 2016) but interesting : ISIS fighters are captured trying to flee battlefield in Syrian city…  
BREAKING Heavy armed  US military convoy arrived in  Syrian city  Manbij safely  ypg  ypj  sdf  qsd  kurds  syria…  
washingtonpost Our journey to the front lines against  ISIS in  kurdish area known as  rojava in  no h  syria   
kurdish lady   Zuhaldemir The Flemish nationalist MP becom a Federal Secretary of State in Belgium
erdogan  says Yes or no, on changing constitution? It's so simple! 
The biggest threat for syria &amp; rojava  is Turkey right now  . 
US must clarify position on  Syrian  Kurds   
‘We’ll quit  Raqqa and fight in  Manbij if  Turkey/ FSA attacks’  YPG officials tell  US military – repo s syria
US Senator  McCain urges Turkey to stop attacking  Syrian  Kurds  raqqah  raqqa  ypg  ypj  SDF  QSD  ROJAVA  SYRIA
BREAKING  Turkey &amp;  ISIS reaches agreement1-  ISIS withdrew completely from  AlBab 2 -TURKEY provide weaponS to IS…  
JohnMcCain chairman of the US Senate Armed Services Committee secretly visited  kurdish city  kobani in  Syria…  
Syrian women rip off their burqas &amp; burned after being freed from  ISIS By  Kurdish-led  SDF in the villages near…  
Turkey teacher repo s students to police for listening to Kurdish music Kurdish  Turkey  trump  stoperdogan
soon after  Erdogan -  Trump phone call ,  crimes against  Kurds in  Turkey has dramatically increased  amnesty  un…   
American Uni student on the frontline against  ISIS in  Syria,explains why he joined  Kurdish YPG  YPJ  YPG  SDF…   
Erdogan's crime against humanity in south east  Turkey continuing
Body of Briton  RyanLock who died while fighting  Isis in Syria arrives in UK
VIDEO: Dr. Abdulhakim Bashar from  Barzani 's KDP-S/ says: we have agreement with  turkey to send more fighters aga…  
100's pay tribute to  British  RyanLock,who died fighting  Isil in  Syria as his body is returned to the UK  ISIS…   
British  KimmieTaylor told  BBC :    i joined  kurdish  YPJ to fight against  ISIS &amp; i am ready to die for humanity  …   
Turkish police, insulted &amp; arrested,  6 academics from  Ankara university , as  Erdogan requested.  stoperdogan…   
Erdogan ordered 176 new jail to be built in Turkey
67-year-old  canadian explains why he joined  Kurdish  YPG to against  ISIS
American/British  journalist (Kimmy Tyler )left her life &amp; joined  Kurdish  YPJ on the frontline against  ISIL in…  
YPG Fighter - On the Front Line Against  ISIS  ( American backed kurdish forces in Syrian )  ypg  ypj  qsd  SDF…  
there is no Different between  Erdogan 's AKP &amp; ULTRA NATIONALIST MHP in Turkey  stoperdogan  dictator  
breaking video  American  PaoloTodd killed fighting against  Islamicstate in  ISIS capital  raqqa in Syria   
BREAKING : American  PaoloTodd killed fighting against  ISIL In  ISIS capital  Raqqa in  Syria .  YPG  YPJ  ROJAVA…  
newyorktimes  repo er  RodNordland depo ed from  Turkey for critical a icle on  Kurds – as  Erdogan requested.…  
Erdogan suppo er soon after :Erdoğan said  no difference between terrorist with gun and terrorist with forex…  
Adele copied Kurdish singer Ahmed kaya's  1985 song for her album, without to mention Mr kaya at all   
Whenever I see or hear  Erdogan I have to take 2 headache tablets at once, he is a big liar  HDP  Kurds  Kurdish…   
Video:  Erdogan used the  Kurdish Issue &amp; ceasefire
Erdogan is a must dangerous person for humanity,he ordered to arrest 45000 social media user, Turkey become a jail…   
BREAKING  US backed  Kurds in  Syria destroy a  ISIS suicide bomber's truck filled with explosives Near  Raqqa…  
Unconfirmed repo  says:  Erdogan will meet  Syrian president  Assad at the end of this month  syrian  daesh  
Armenian deputy banned from  Turkish Parliament for 3 sessions for calling 1915 ‘ genocide’  Amnesty FULL REPO …  
BREAKING : Erdogan ordered to arrest 45 000 social media user in  Turkey  stoperdogan  amnesty  hrw  Eu  UN LINK…  
U.S. President-elect  DonaldTrump's pick for Secretary of State:we will continue to suppo   Syrian Kurds ( great U…  
Protest against   Turkish  erdogan continuing in   Geneva  Switzerland  video link    AMED…  
Hundreds of  Kurds protest against  Turkish President  Erdogan in  Geneva  switzerland  stoperdogan  HDP  KURDISH…  
Turkey  Erdogan's new constitution says    beating a  woman is like 'medicine'    
YPG fighters Dance pa y in  SheikhMaqsood neighbourhood in  Aleppo ( kurdish control zone)  YPJ  QSD  SDF  SYRIA…  
BREAKING  Turkish jets BOMBED bakery shop &amp; flour STORE In  Syrian city of  al_bab 16 civilians killed 30 injured…  
VIDEO 100’S of  civilians  trying to escape from  ISIS  as  US backed  kurdish lead  SDF  fighters advance on  ISIS…  
BREAKING  US backed  kurdish lead  SDF  YPJ forces rescued 100's of civilians used as human shields by  ISIS In th…  
Turkey 2017, Erdogan's private army &amp; police attacking civilians in front of  Turkish Parliament  stoperdogan…   
Protest against  Turkish  Erdogan continuing in Darbandikhan  Iraqi  Kurdistan .  stoperdogan  turkey  iraq  kurds…  
Video shows  Erdogan ’s Private army to uring handcuffed  Turkish soldier in  Turkey   stoperdogan  chp  hdp…  
Jewish  YPG fighter Robe  Amos from  Israel tells his story about  Rojava  Kurds &amp; war on  ISIS  DAESH LINK -&gt;&gt;&gt;…  
Turkish police attack anti  Erdogan protesters in front of  Turkish parliament IN  Turkey capital  Ankara   CHP…  
video: Kurdish  barzani forces attacking  yezidi people in  Sinjar &amp; Shut Down Group Aiding  Yezidis…  
Video  Barzani forces attacking  yazidi people in  sinjar iraq,after  KRG  nechirvanBarzani return from  Turkey…   
Teachers protest against  Barzani &amp; oppositions, continuing in  Iraqi  Kurdistan -city of  Sulaymaniyah   iraq…   
Kurdish Officials Shut Down Group Aiding Yezidis -  
Independent : Turkey is alone because  Erdogan allowed weapons &amp; money to  ISIS &amp; Jabhat al- Nusra Al- Qaeda link…  
cumhuriyet repo ed ,  Erdogan 's T  world news regarding  IakheMashrapov's attack on  reina was  fakenews  link…   
Turkey Energy Minister &amp; Erdoğan's son in law showing,how the public official scares of him(left), BUT how much…   
video 2  
video 1  
video 2:  Turkish ministry for religion’s campaign against  christians &amp; new year Eve b4  IstanbulAttack in  Reina…  
Journalist  AhmetŞık jailed by  Erdogan soon after he published Turkish gov action against Christians,on his twitte…   
to find out  who is behind the   IstanbulAttack &amp; killing 39 majority  Christians in   Reina  TURKEY video link --&gt;…  
find out how  Istanbul new year  Reinanightclub attack organised as pa    Erdogan di y game against  Christians    
Video: Turkish ministry for religion’s campaign against  christians &amp; celebrations b4   IstanbulAttack in  Reina &amp;…  
A banner in  Istanbul 1day afte urkish ministry for Religion’s anti Christian speech &amp;1day before the attack on xm…  
Istanbul new year  Reinanightclub attack organised byTurkish ministry for Religion,this is their anti  christian a…   
BREAKING  journalists saying : Turkish ministry for religion Mehmet Görmez(close to  Erdogan) is behind  christian…  
BREAKING  Turkish army &amp; jihadi terrorists  attack US BACKED  Kurdish  forces  in Syria    
Russia close Anglo  American school in Moscow, 
Man(Member of  Erdogan's AKP),  repo s his girlfriend to the police as a   Gulenis &amp; terrorist   after she refuses h…   
Erdogan backed al-nusra Terrorist in  Syria ,second  largest terrorist organisation in the world , Erdogan Suppo …   
Turkey: Journalists, Writers Face Terrorism, Separatism Charges -   
when a terrorist become a freedom fighter in  Putin way of politics
There is no different between  ISIS &amp; this kind of politics, Daesh Kills people &amp; this kind of politics kills feeli…   
Battle of  Raqqah:seized from  ISIS by  US backed  kurdish female fighters ( YPJ)Near  IslamicState capitaI  Raqqa…  
Assad urged  Syrian  to join  Syrian army &amp; promised to pay $300 for each.--&gt;(i think  TRUMP is coming  Iranian mu…  
kurdish security forces in  afrin(Turkey-ROJAVA BORDER),captured A truck ,that was carrying weapons for  ISIS from…   
Fight breaks out in  Turkish parliament again between  Erdogan 's  AKP &amp; Oppositions over censorship on death of 2…  
if you know  kurdish watch this video as   Gandhi says :   A leader is useless when he acts against the promptings o…   
special  kurdish song for Nechirwan Barzani, regarding his resent comment   If the PKK does not leave  Sinjar,we wil…   
where is  amnesty ?Turkey has sent a  kurdish girl for al-qaeda terrorists in Syria to be punished as as a sex slave  
BREAKING  Turkey has sent a  Kurdish girl ( MüjganEkin )for al- Qaeda terrorists in  Syria's  Jarabulus,as pa  of…   
Fight breaks out in  Turkish parliament again over gov crackdown on media &amp;
Why i can’t see any news in  Turkey’s newspapers about soldiers death in  Syria? why no one protesting  ISIS ?Said…  
We are not fine
Evidence  Russian  ambassador's killer's roommate works @ PGS lawfirm that has close connection to  Turkish interio…  
Erdogan ordered to jail 433  filmmakers who suppo ing  academics peace declaration  StopErdogan  amnesty  HRW…  
Erdogan seizes ALL  Christians  Churches in city of  Diyarbakir &amp; declares dm 'state prope y link…  
Turkish army fled the city of  al_bab in  Syria,leaving behind,weapons 15 tank &amp; armoured,4  ISIS,here is document…   
injured  Turkish commander SAYS   400  Turkey backed rebels fled from  ISIS in  syrian city of  al_bab, daesh  ISIL    
Erdogan negotiating ceasefire w  ISIS after recent clash in  Al_bab,journalists banned 2 repo  on soldiers death…   
video:  Erdogan 's  Turkey:A Prison for  Journalists, repo ed by Committee to Protect Journalists  CanDündar…   
MichaelRubinTurkey shows why a free press matters  
President  erdogan’s yogu  festival yesterday was hug disrespect for 16 families who lost love 1 in  Turkey &amp;105 c…  
Erdogan says they have close connection with Al- nsura &amp; also he says, i told al-nsura to leave from  Aleppo…   
BREAKING  Turkish judge ordered to arrests 10 000 social media user across the country 1000's have been arrested…  
Breaking  Erdogan copied  Syrian regime’s  constitution for  Turkey new constitution, opposition pa y  CHP/ MP…   
protesters clash with  Turkish police in  Istanbul over “hiding information about burning Turkish soldiers by  ISIS…  
BREAKING  US backed  kurdish-led  SDF forces besiege  ISIS Capital  Raqqa from 3 sides In  SYRIA  daesh  QSD  YPG…  
CNN, bbc,  &amp; many news agency repo ing :2  Turkish soldiers burned alive but    Erdogan keep hiding in  Turkey &amp;…   
, ,@ ,  DailyMail , and... many news agency repo ed 2  Turkish soldiers burned alive, Erdogan keep hiding…   
Erdogan &amp;  Turkish defence minister hiding, the  burning of 2 soldiers by  ISIS in  al_bab - father confirmed dead…   
Turkish defence minister says:those soldiers Burned alive by  ISIS is not our soldiers ,he added   our 3 soldiers s…   
Turkish Jets  killed 105 civilians in   al_bab  Syria  Amnesty  roajva  SDF AlBab…  
BREAKING  Turkish jets committed crimes against  civilians in  Syrian city of  AlBab  al_bab  Amnesty crime video…  
updated  al_bab, Syria:Number of civilians killed by Turkish warplane reaches 105,majority women &amp; children vid lin…   
Erdogan Suppo ed  ISIS, qaeda Didn't work, now want to be friend with  assad again to stop  kurds to be free .%10…   
ISIS burned 2  Turkish soldiers alive &amp; KILLED another 40 but there is no news in Turkey media no statement from…  
BREAKING Statement by the  PKK top commander  CemilBayik on :who is behind assassination of  Russian  Ambassador ?…  
video: Gulen says: Russian  ambassador killer was  Erdgoan’s personal bodyguard, &amp; was very close to him,i think th…   
After1 call from  Turkish presidency to the cou  43  ISIS Suppo er detainees were released in  Konya + no news ab…  
BREAKING   Erdogan agreed to Meet  Syrian president bashar al  assad in
video: Turkish army fled from  ISIS terrorists in  Syrian city of  al_bab,left all weapons behind- full video link…   
BREAKING Social media shutdown in  Turkey,After  Turkish army fled from  ISIS in  al_bab &amp; left weapon behind link…   
BREAKING video  Turkish army flees  ISIS,The  IslamicState terrorist took over all weapons,tanks..near  Syrian cit…   
video: Turkish army drop weapons,fleeing  ISIS terrorists near  Syrian city of  al_bab  DAES Removed  Turkish flag…   
Many repo  from  Ankara says : Turkey faked the daed of  police man  who killed  Russian  ambassador  Andrey…  
ISIS &amp;  ERDOGAN  AKP  mentality  are the same ,this is a photo of  kurdish civilians burned by  Erdogan's army  in…   
video: Turkish soldiers says  Erdogan is Criminal &amp; he is responsible for all this killing in  Syria &amp;  Turkey…  
ISIS never burn or bombs  Turks ,  two captured  Turkish soldiers  both of  kurdish origin from  Turkey ,that is w…   
Turkey indirectly represented al- qeada al- nusra &amp; other  jihadi  terrorists in  Moscow meeting  ISIS  DAESH…  
The collar badge that gives special authorization to the POLICE --- Killer of   Russian  Ambassador to  TurkeY ,the…   
BREAKING video: Turkish fighter jet killed 72 civilians,majority children,in Syrian city of  al_bab ,  Aleppo,…   
1 min before suicide bombing by 2 child , Erdogan backed al- nusra terrorist in  Syria convincing his two daughters…   
new Evidence video :Who is behind assassination of  Russian  Ambassador to Turkey? video link :   nusra  daesh  russia
in photo : Erdogan 's special guest former  ISIS commander &amp; new shaved al- Nusra  jihadists  daesh  IslamicState…  
Erodgan eyes : Syrian kids in  aleppo are innocent &amp; need help but bombing kurds in Turkey is normal &amp;  kurdish ki…  
Erdogan backed al- nusra fighter (Jabhat Fatah al-Sham ) in  Syria convincing his two 7 &amp; 8 yo daughters to take p…  
Erdogan's private army side by side the  Turkish army in the  kurdish city  Nusybain southeast  Turkey(90% are mem…  
Evidence,Who is behind assassination of  Russian  Ambassador to  Turkey?   
@ _com  Who is behind assassination of  Russian  Ambassador to  Turkey? Evidence,video , doc , photo @ _com  …   
video Who is behind assassination of  Russian  Ambassador to  Turkey?
Who is behind assassination of  Russian  Ambassador to  Turkey? Evidence,  VIDEO,doc,photo  AndreyKarlov  tahirelçi…   
1-its fake 2- Nusra can't say that because there is a doc  erdogan's private army behind killing of  Russian…  
according to the  Turkish  newspapers:killer of  Russian  ambassador was   erdogan bodyguard &amp; very close to him -&gt;…  
Exclusive video : Iranian regime bombs  Iranian  kurds in  koya city of  Iraqi  Kurdistan
Exclusive: IRAN targeted  Kurdish oppositions  KDP-I Pa y HQ with twin bomb attack,many killed &amp; injured in  koya…   
while world crying 4  Aleppo, Erdogan backed radical jihadi leader in  Syria trying cyber sex via Skype   
The new images of shooting  Russia's  Ambassador to  Ankara by  MevlutMe  ,  Member of   Erdogan ’s private youth…   
BREAKING  Turkish  Erdogan has ordered to sack 15000  kurdish workers all around  Turkey link…  
18+ video    rojava  kobane  kobani  ypg  ypj  qsd  sdf  Raqqah  al_bab  amed  diyarbakir  PYD  ISIS  DAESH  ISIL
while world crying for  Aleppo, Turkey backed radical jihadi leader in  Syria trying cyber sex via Skype 
18+ video :while world crying for  Aleppo, Turkey backed radical jihadi leader in  Syria trying cyber sex via Skype   
Leaked video:Turkey backed top  jihadi commander in  Syria,Ömer Abdullah had told he is rescuing civilians from…   
Leaked doc:Turkish interior ministry sends letter to all Secret police in  Turkey,to help &amp; cooperate with al-…   
Russian  ambassador killer in  Ankara linked to  Erdogan’s private youth army &amp; (Osmanlı Ocakların ) – that is why…  
Aljazeera TV board member says  Russian  Ambassader in Ankara deserved worse than that kind of  killing ,…   
This terrorist a member of  Erdogan's private youth army, Russia needs to act quickly 4 investigation b4 Erdogan de…   
US  embassy security arrested the  Turkish gunman (Member of  AKP) outside the US Embassy in  Ankara . He swears &amp;…  
Interior Minister Süleyman Soylu who controls the police force in  Turkey was photographed with  Nusra terrorists i…  
TURKISH  Erdogan's own political pa y's Newspaper says   police man Me  Altıntaş who killed Russian ambassador  i…   
BREAKING POLICE MAN (Me  Altıntaş) WHO Shot  Russian  Ambassador IS Member of  AKP &amp;  Erdogan's private army
shooting of   Russian  Ambassador to  turkey is  Erdogan game
Shooting Russian Ambassador to turkey is  Erdogan’s game
BREAKING Russian Ambassador to Turkey  shot in Ankara - this is   Erdogan 's game as  revenge for dead of 4…  
Erdogan &amp; Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu &amp; Turkish MIT'S  FakeNews game &amp; BLACK FILE  Regarding   Aleppo in  Syria   -&gt;&gt; link…  
iran took over  Aleppo not  Syria
this is  Syrian city of  Jarablus , photo taken by firat news agency 
Aleppo walls tells the truth about terrorist organisation knows an  Qaeda &amp;  ISIS Activity in  syria 9/12/2016…  
as  US-backed, Kurdish-led forces, SDF, are very close to  Raqqa , i am sure  erdogan will sta  attack on  YPG to…   
Brave  British man stands up to  Turkish protesters who are suppo ing the Jihadist terrorist in  Syria . daesh…  
the  Turkish nationalist policeman who removed pro kurdish  HDP Logo from building &amp; replaced with Turkish flag,fel…   
when media were calling Osma bin ladin  as   rebel   and his   army on the road to peace :) then he become worlds num…   
German paper depicts  Turkish  Erdogan  as the Grinch
BREAKING  Turkey BOMBS  US backed,KURDISH FORCES In syrian KOBANE Full repo  
Erdogan 's university diploma is fake.Constitution used 2 require one He changed it in his favor so the presidency…  
Turkish soldier showing video how proudly they killed  kurds ,destroyed &amp; Leveled   kurdish city  Nusaybin to the…   
Video:according to the telegraph:Factions fighting for the control of the city of  aleppo &amp; evacuations by Numbers…  
:( This is a green bus driver ,The  TURKEY BACKED  Nusra &amp;  ahraralsham moderate Terrorists  burnt alive next to hi…   
Turkey backed terrorists knows as ultra  moderate rebel burned Buses, Killed  drivers who were going to evacuate ci…   
Turkey backed ultra   moderate   free  Syrian army's TOP COMMANDER Mr Sarhan one moment,  ISIS  the next.  Erdogan's…   
Turkey backed Al  Nusra, ahrar alsham terrorists attacked &amp;burned Buses going to evacuate civilians from  Foua &amp;…   

BREAKING Video &amp; Leaked document :Turkish MIT in  Syria ordered to attacked Buses going to evacuate civilians from…  
Turkish  intelligence services in  Syria attacked Buses going to evacuate  civilians from   Aleppo  -  Erdogan res…  
Turkish MIT in  Syria attacked Buses going to evacuate  civilians from Kafraya and Fuah IN  Aleppo  -  Erdogan res…  
If  Aleppo is under control of  Syrian Regime so what is  Iranian general  QassemSoleimani doing up there?
one moment, al Qaeda the next.  Erdogan's heroes &amp; human right activist 
:)
Turkish  Erdogan welcomed  Osma bin landin’s son Ömer  Bin ladin  to  Turkey , Soon after  Egypt did not give an e…   
video:  Erdogan  Says :“they would  take over  Syrian capital  Damascus very soon” &amp; will pray in Umayyad Mosque (E…  
Erdogan won't be happy ----&gt;&gt;  1000s of  volunteers from  Syrian   Raqqa joined  SDF &amp;  YPG to fight aganist  ISIS…  
Be carefull of Erdogan :)
Erdogan will be uspet -&gt;&gt;  kurdish female fighters  YPJ liberated 11 villages &amp; rescued 1000s of civilians  from…  
Video: why car bomb hits off-duty soldiers in  Kayseri  Turkey? watch the video as   Erdogan hiding the truth from…  
in this  HDP OFFICE ,  Erdogan 's Private Youth Army burning HDP building BUT-&gt; POLICE detain 22 HDP members…   
the reason pro kurdish  HDP in  Turkey  is under attack because HDP was not agree with  Erdogan &amp;  ISIS Halal &amp; Har…  
BREAKING  Erdogan ’s private youth army MEMBER  calls  to kill every single person who voted pro  kurdish  HPD in…  
BREAKING: Erdogan s private youth army with the help of police,burning &amp; bombing pro  kurdish  HPD buildings in al…   
BREAKING  Erdogan’s Youth army burned down Pro  Kurdish  HDP Pa y office building in 7 city in  Turkey,attack con…   
Erdogan &amp; his terrorist followers such  nusra / qaeda
WELL AL-Baghdadi live in Turkey , 
Erdogan 's Private Army &amp; nationalist with the help of kaysari police  they attacked &amp; set Pro  kurdish  HDP pa y…   TlOCJ9q
Michael Rubin :  Turkey heading toward civil war
Michael Rubin : ICYMI, impo ant after  Kayseri bomb:   What if  PKK Wins in Turkey?    link 
barzani 's Mit channel known as  Rudaw tv says: Their repo er proudly meet ahrar al sham terrorist organisation's…  
thank you so much, yes you are right , but i can't fix it as twitter not letting me to edit 
as you see in this video clearly, Erdogan suppo er attacking  kurdish house,shops,political pa y office ,police d…   
Leaked Documents in  Turkey:anyone who singing  kurdish in  sur (destroyed kurdish city in  Diyarbakir ) charge the…  
Turkish police removed pro kurdish  HDP PA Y'S logo in  Kayseri and asked people to burned down the building…  
BREAKING  Erdogan suppo ers attacked &amp; burning  PRO  kurdish  HDP Main office in  kayseri  turkey  happening now…  
BREAKING  Erdogan suppo er   attacked Pro  kurdish  HDP pa y offices in  Kayseri  TURKEY -  Happening right now…  
video: If you do understand  kurdish kurmanji language watch this video until the end   KamuranYüksek  BDP  HDP…  
ISIS &amp;  nusra's join protests in Idlib -after fall of  Aleppo, Idlib becomesTerrorists final stronghold that got f…   
This is what  Erdogan do to  Turks. You can only imagine what they do to defence less  Kurds .
Crackdown on  kurds &amp;  journalists in  Turkey shows why  coup was 'gift from God' for Erdogan -in 2 month 9000 Pro…  
Turkish president  Erdogan’s connection with  Taliban,al- qaeda &amp; al- Nusra backs to 1980 when he meet Gulbeddin…   
Hundreds of  Turkey backed Al- Nusra Terrorists evacuated from eastern  Aleppo to  Turkish border via humanitarian…  
pa  2  
pa  2  VIDEO SHOWS  Turkey's red crescent ,Transpo ing weapons to  ISIS &amp; other terrorists organisations In…   
VIDEO SHOWS  Turkey's red crescent ,Transpo ing weapons to  ISIS &amp; other terrorists organisations In  Syria .  par…   
VIDEO :  ISIS commander says : TURKEY IS Helping us to delivery weapons for ISIS IN  Syria   daesh  nusra  isil…  
BREAKING Kurdish   YPG  Asaiysh forces released 76  Turkey backed
Erdogan must know that as much as he jailing ,killing &amp; insulting  kurdish people in  turkey ,that much  pkk get b…   
This photo describes current situation in  Aleppo 1  Erdogan is double standard &amp; loser 2  Assad happy &amp; won 3 Al-…  
Syrian shia leader bashar al- assad hails 'historic victory' in EAST  Aleppo  Reclaiming Aleppo MEAN  pushing 'ter…  
weapons discovered in  Turkish“humanitarian aid” to  Aleppo. Mo ars shells were delivered to  jihadists .  nusra…  
after fall of Eastern  Aleppo , Erdogan wana say sorry &amp; be a friend with  Assad , same as  Putin,until can take ov…   
MP stands to make £1.5m from Kurdistan oil company sale  iraq  iraqikurdistan   barzani  krg  rojava  
In 45 days  Erdogan forces arrested 8,432 members of Pro kurdish  HDP include 15 lawmakers  Amnesty  HRW  UN  US…   
This  Danish- kurdish combatant is facing time in jail for fighting against  ISIS
The fall of Eastern  Aleppo REPO  by  Polat Can - KURDISH   YPG Commander from  SYRIA
WELL DONE POLAT , 100% TRUE 
This isn't  Aleppo, it is  Nusbeyin, one of the  kurdish city in south east  Turkey , destroyed by  Erdogan's  priv…   
interesting :Iranian driver,Syrian regime BUSES with assad's photo,Turkey backed al-Nusra passenger,RUSSIAN Securit…   
another fake news about  syrian   Aleppo   Made in Turkey , Erdogan's TEAM,   
video :Evacuation of 5,000  Turkey baked Terrorists(  nusra &amp; al- qaeda ) from  Aleppo , 50% are Criminal  daesh…   
erdogan has send  nusra terrorists to  Aleppo 2 change  Syrian Regime but now they are catching  syrian green…  
Turkey backed Terrorists  in  Aleppo ,killed civilians, destroyed the city &amp; now catching  Syrian  BUSes &amp; going b…   
more than 5,000  Turkey backed terrorist  &amp; their families in  Aleppo through a humanitarian corridor going to…   
forbes magazine made the best decision about  Erdogan &amp;  ISIS leader's popularity &amp; they put them same level,  Erd…   
BREAKING In forbes magazine's The World's Most Powerful People list
Erdogan's goal is:10  Turkish soldiers get killed per day,he thinks if they dont get killed there'll be another co…   
Erdogan's fake news about  Syrian regime crime against civilians in  Aleppo
ISIS Top commander Surrendered to  US backed  kurdish forces In  ISIS
Turkey backed terrorists lost the war against Syrian regime in  aleppo , now catching the  syrian BUSes and going b…   
Turkey- backed Terrorists's final group have left  Syria's  Aleppo &amp; going back to  Turkey to get ready to fight a…  
2 Yazidi Women Who Fled ISIS Slavery Receive E.U.'s Sakharov Prize  
video Imprisoned  kurdish leader   Demi aş to Trakya University Medical Faculty Hospital for a health check under…  
Imprisoned  HDP co-chair  Demi aş taken to Trakya University Medical Faculty Hospital for a health check with 300…  
ISIL making weapons on industrial scale with pa s purchased from  Turkey, repo  says link…   
BREAKING  ISIS Top commander in  Syria (Abu Fahd al-Shami) Surrendered to  US backed  kurdish forces In  ISIS Capi…  
VIDEO  ISIS Terrorists/  Daesh Have Seized Anti-Aircraft Weapons in  palmyra &amp; transferred to  al_bab &amp;  Raqqah…  
EXCLUSIVE:  kurdish -Led Operation in  Raqqa 'Saved Thousands of Civilians' Read more:    YPG…  
DonaldTRUMP FISH MARKET OPENS IN  KURDISTAN ---&gt;&gt;   Trump fish   
MichaelRubin : Turkish police are accelerating their crackdown on  Kurds who challenge  Erdogan’s ambitions. link…  
MichaelRubin a former  Pentagon official  said Erdogan will  face a war crimes tribunal    link…   
Turkey's   Erdogan Moves to Crush Kurdish Pa y After Deadly Bombing link    
VIDEO  Assad :West is telling  Russia  they want save terrorists  nusra  daesh  ISIS  isil  IslamicState  syria…   9G14Vnd
What a shame!  Erdogan &amp; his  Turkish backed Terrorists IN  Aleppo wanted to remove  Assad from power &amp; now catchin…  
In last 24 hours 365  Turkey backed Terrorists lay down their weapons in  Aleppo &amp;  Syrian Regime Buses transfer th…  
ISIS Terrorists released the vide of recapturing  Palmyra from  SyrianArmy &amp;  Russian Military,without any fight,b…   
video:how come  SyrianArmy &amp;  Russian Military left all these weapons for  ISIS IN  Palmyra ? wasn’t pa  of deal w…  
This  Turkish backed Terrorist in  Aleppo , lay down their weapons &amp; catch the  Syrian BUS &amp; went back to  turkey…   
VIDEO : ISIS Seized  Syrian airbase in  Palmyra including  Russian military base with full of heavy weapons,tanks &amp;…   
As Member of  European union  Parliament , we are asking Dictator  Erdogan to end the Attack on  Kurds in  Turkey…   
Turkey backed Terrorist in  Aleppo reached evacuation deal with  Assad,  Syrian Regime Buses begin carrying fighte…   
Turkish police film &amp; spread video of youngster beaten &amp; insulted in police station for pro  kurdish social media…  
81  journalists  jailed  in  Turkey  in 2016- repo ed by Committee to protect journalists LINK…  
turkey new constitution will allow  Erdogan another  14 years in power – second  saddam in middle east  stoperdogan  
Shame on  you NATO , THIS IS YOUR  TURKEY  NATO MEMBER , Turkish soldiers , Beating   KURDISH MAN TO DEATH in…   
Erdogan's crime against humanity , WHERE IS HUMAN RIGHTS?  YPG  YPJ   HDP  KURDS  BARZANI  Peshmerga  rudaw  ROJAVA   
18+ VIDEO: Turkish soldiers ( NATO MEMBER) Beating  kurdish man to death in  Syria , where is  Amnesty ?…   
this  ISIS mentality  Turkey wanted be a member of  European UNION plus Enjoy free visa to EU  and  now teaching ki…  
Teachers in  turkey,sta ed teaching students the execution procedure,this is the signal of restoring death penalty…   
Erdogan is teaching primary students in  Turkey to be ready for executing the oppositions In  istanbul   HDP…  
Terrorist AL- NUSRA’s COMMANDER &amp; Member of  Turkish MIT from Aleppo Has confirmed   Syrian Army's Victory in…  
LOCALS REPO ING :Turkish Pilot survived by jumping , soon after PKK Shot down Turkish F-16 IN Gümüşler village NEA…   
footage of  Turkish F-16 ,Local says   downed by  PKK near the village of Gümüşler in kurdish city  diyarbkair - pil…   
VIDEO: Erdogan’s ruling  AKP lawmakers attacking Pro  Kurdish  HDP opposition lawmakers at the  Turkish parliament…  
350  kurdish civilians majority  HDP members have been arrested just in 10 hours in  turkey  stoperdogan  Amnesty…  
Bab city Council calls on  international community to stop the Turkish attacks in  al_bab-  Syria , Turkish army de…   
last 24 hours 156 members of Pro  kurdish  HDP have been arrested by  turkish police , in  Adana ,  Istanbul…   
Turkish police, killing, abusing, arresting Kurdish civilians in South east  Turkey , 6200 members of Pro Kurdish…   
Video shows; Turkish city council &amp;  AKP suppo er welcoming al- qaeda  nusra terrorist as Hero in  Turkey  daesh…  
Pro- kurdish activists rallied outside the  Turkish embassy in  London to protest Turkish gov’s crackdown on  Kurds…  
The moment that  Kurdish  freedom fighters removing  ISIS flag
new York times :As  Turkey Cracks Down,  kurdish Mayors Pack Bags for Jail 
Anti -  ISIS fighter (  JoannaPalani) Jailed in  Denmark, soon after  Danish PM visit to  Turkey -&gt;…   
BREAKING Turkish army killed 12 kurdish civilians in  Syrian town  al_bab
Turkey’s gov submitted a bill on Sat to overhaul the constitution &amp; give more power to  Erdogan-so he will be full…  
Turkish army esco  &amp; transferring jihadi terrorists from  Aleppo,&amp; all around the world to  al_bab in  Syria.…   
Crackdown in Turkey Threatens a Haven of Gender Equality Built by Kurds    HDP  AMED  DIYARBAKIR  PKK  YPG  YPJ  SUR
Turkish army transferred 100’s of al- qaeda /al- nusra fighters between  Manbij &amp;  al_bab in  Syria  assad  daesh…  
new york times :The Failure of a Turkish  Erdogan ’s Neo-Ottoman Foreign Policy full repo  link…  
Amnesty : kurdish Political activist  ZeynabJalalian lost her  freedom – now she’s losing her sight!  link:…  
Syrian  Assad told  al_Watan:“ Erdogan is crazy, abnormal &amp; psychologically-disturbed person” 
Video: Thousands of  Kurds protest against  Turkish Foreign Minister  Cavusoglu in  Hamburg  Germany  HDP…  
Turkish man sexually assaulted &amp; killed Young  kurdish lady ( CansuKaya) in Turkey,just because she was kurdish…   
Amnesty : Turkey's  Erdogan destroyed houses &amp; force hundreds of thousands of  Kurds from their homes full repo …  
VIDEO:  Turkish police arrest shopkeepers for closing up their shops to protest the arrests of  Kurdish politicians…  
Turkish army’s attacks on  US back backed forces in west  Manbij in No h  Syria - Clash continuing  SDF  SDF  YPG…  
Erdogan opened corridor for Al- Qaeda offshoot Jabhat al- Nusra  Terrorist in East  Aleppo-  Syria  al_bab  link…  
Erdogan meet  German former president  Schroder ,as none of Current  European leaders are ready to meet Him  HDP…   
Erdogan ordered to remove  kurdish signboards in  Diyarbakır  AMED  city council entrance wall ,in this morning…   
Erdogan's eggs are placed in the basket of no hern  Syrian geopolitics, &amp; most of them are likely to crack. link…   
in  east  Aleppo , Turkey backed moderate terrorists created chemical weapons , which were used against  Kurds in W…   
BREAKING  Turkish  Erdogan secretly building his own army
video:  Erdogan calls on  Turks to conve  forex into lira or gold ,   this is only way that we can stop  US dollar…   
UN  HumanRights : Many  KURDS  had been arrested based on false accusations made against them under to ure  LINK…  
all this terrorist getting free visa  from  Erdogan 's  Turkey  its shame that Turkey is still member of  NATO…  
It’s Time to Kick  Erdogan ’s  turkey Out of  NATO
Erdogan responsible for 'sea of blood' in  Syria &amp;  Iraq because  Turkey suppo    ISIS , Nusra &amp; all other Radica…   
in this video  ISIS Terrorists been throwing the more powerful U.S. M67 fragmentation grenade against   SyrianArmy…  
Turkish army transferred 1200 Advance anti tank missile for al  qaeda offshoots known as  Nusra terrorist in…  
Erdogan backed TerroristS Sniper Opens Fire On Civilians Being Evacuated From  Aleppo IN SYRIA  daesh  isis  Nusra…  
video:  Erdogan backtracks on  Syria goals after call with  Putin, says terrorists are only target IN SYRIA…   
BREAKING  ISIS terrorists medical team rescue two injured  turkish soldiers in  al_bab, Syria &amp; transfer to…   
BREAKING secret talk between terrorist groups in Aleppo &amp; Moscow+ Syrian regime &amp;  Erdogan just sta ed-&gt;Erdogan b…  
Erdogan backtracks on  Syria goals after call with  Putin, says terrorists are only target :)  al_bab  Aleppo…   
BREAKING  kurdish security forces attacked the teachers protest –100’s of protesters have been arrested in…  
two  American,Killed in  Turkish Airstrikes in  Syria 
Princess  Diana : I would like to be a queen of people’s hea , not the queen of this country   
video shows ,  Turkish  Erdogan 's soldiers to uring  Syrian  kurdish man to death (Father of 2 kids )  Amnesty…   
BREAKING  Syrian Army Prepares to Enter  Al_Bab,comprising 10,000 soldiers WITH THE  help of  Russian air strikes…   
BREAKING  Syrian gov forces Preparing to liberate  al_Bab , AS Pa  of  Erdogan &amp;  putin 's new agreement  via  ph…   
Turkey claims that the  YPG is terrorist but it has failed to generate international suppo  for this position.
BREAKING  Erdogan spoke with  putin by phone &amp; said sorry about his comment regarding toppling  Assad soon after…  
Erdogan's before &amp; after :  Turkish forces are in  Syria to end  Assad's rule  daesh  ISIS  SYRIA  SyrianArmy…   u2lrn
Once again  turkey blocked  kurdish MP Delegation from visiting imprisoned  HDP leader  SelahattinDemi aş &amp; lawmak…  
Captured Document inside Bomb factory in  Aleppo  shows, Turkey’s  Ankara city council Transferring chemical weapon…   
RUSSIA sending field hospitals &amp; doctors to  Aleppo  Syria to provide immediate medical assistance  IN SYRIA…  
Assad &amp;  Russia aim to seize all  Aleppo before Trump takes power  daesh  ISIS    
Erdogan selected Ali Omar as  new leader for  Turkish backed terrorist group known as   AhrarAlSham -  to end conf…  
video: Turkey entered  Syria to end al-Assad’s rule: Turkish  Erdoğan said Nov.29. watch  video till end , see…   
Erdogan = second  SaddamHussein in middle east , he destroyed 95% of  Kurdish city in  Turkey such as  sur  sirnak…   
BREAKING  Turkey's  Erdogay said Turkish army's goal  in  Syria is  to remove  Assad from power  al_bab  Raqqa…   
kurdish Female Fighter's war on  ISIS ,in  Afrin  Rojava - no h  Syria .photo taken by  hawarnews agency  ypj…   
BREAKING  Turkish army sending 100s of anti aircraft missile knows as  Atılgan &amp;  Zıpkın  to the  Syria's  Al_Bab…  
BREAKING  Turkey transferring 100s of anti aircraft missile knows as  Atılgan &amp;  Zıpkın to the  Syria's  Al_Bab &amp;…  
German  judge recognized role of the  PKK in fighting against   ISIS IN  Syria &amp;  Iraq Specially in  yazidi case…  
An  American in  turkey ’s Prisons. In for a Crime? No, in for a  dollars full link 
Voice of America &amp;, BBC repo ers detained in  Turkey’s  Kurdish region by  Erdogan's forces  DIYARBAKIR  Amnesty…   
Kurdish  Rojava representative office opens in The  Oslo ,Capital of  Norway  YPG  YPJ  QSD  SDF  KURDS  KURDISTAN…   
EuropeanUnion  EU &amp;  Turkey  Erdogan's conflict in 2 minute
video : Erdogan to  European P :   we will extend  another 3 months OR MORE  a state of emergency in  Turkey This is…   
BREAKING  Turkey’s  Erdogan said “Yes i am a dictator towards those  European MP who voted yes against us  …   
kurdish forces  &amp; locals replace cross destroyed by  ISIS atop  Christian church near  Mosul  daesh  ISIS…  
Syrian Democratic Forces  SDF:   we are ready to fight along  Manbij Military Council against  Turkish occupation.…   
BREAKING video:  Turkey's  Erdogan threatens  EU to reopen borders to migrants  EuropeanParliament  HDP…  
BREAKING  HDP Leader  demi aş to the  Turkish cou    The power to represent the national will,has been forcibly r…   
why  European MPs vote to freeze  Turkey  EU membership talks ? the answer is IN here look at the picture carefully…  
video :vote result ,  EuropeanParliament votes to block  Turkey's attempts to join EU  HDP  freehdpnow  Freedom4hdp…   
Austria votes to impose arms embargo on Turkey  daesh  ISIL  ANKRA  Istanbul  AMED  DIYARBAKIR  HDP  turkey  
BREAKING The  European Parliament suspended  Turkey's EU membership talk because of the  Turkish gov crackdown on…  
its real shame for  Barzani family as  Erdoğan has JAILED  5700  HDP members include leadership,&amp; destroyed 11…   
European  Union sending clear msg to  Turkish  Erdogan    Turkey is at a crossroads    HDP  freedom4hdpnow…   
BREAKING  Turkey bombs, US backed anti  ISIS fighters in  Manbij – Syria –right now   SDF  QSD  YPG…   
BREAKING  Turkey bombs, US backed anti  ISIS fighters in  Manbij – Syria –right now  al_bab  Raqqa  SDF  QSD  YPG…   
Erdoğan has imprisoned the  HDP leadership, and issued an arrest warrant for Salih Muslim. Yet, he warmly receives…   
European MPs call for end to EU membership talks with Turkey amid post-coup crackdown  ERDOGAN  hdp…  
Erdogan says : EU membership talks with  Ankara   has no value in our eyes   FULL REPO  
SDF to Anti-  ISIS Coalition: We Will stop  raqqah Operation If  Turkey's Attacks on  Manbij continue  al_bab  YPG…  
BREAKING VIDEO :TURKEY BLOCKED  European  Parliament delegation from visiting imprisoned  HDP Leader…  
Turkey blocks  European Parliament lawmakers from visiting imprisoned  kurdish leaders in Turkey…  
TRUMP ’s top military adviser Flynn says
Erdogan &amp;  ISIS same mentality , while  Turkey Legalise Child Rape of 'Married' Victims , ISIS Taking  Yazidi sex…   
The  Turkish flags hanging in the  Cerablus  Jarabulus in Syria ,demographic change in  Syria by  Erdogan  Turkey…   
Video: moments of  ISIS Suicide car bomb explosion in  MOSUL Battle  iraq  daesh  IslamicState  ISIL  NUSRA…  
Erdogan THINKS BY JAILING co-leaders of  HPD  WILL STAY in power in  Turkey , so what he gone do with 6 000 000 HD…   
TURKEY 'S Chief of General Staff  Akar : FSA ( NUSRA) militants Moderate opposition &amp; honorable people  ISIS…  
NadiaMurad  yazidi girl  the symbol of freedom and human rights  
Erdogan proud of arresting pro  kurdish  HDP leader,the man  who has 6 000 000  vote in  turkey,where is Human rig…   
bernard kouchner from  France &amp; Former  US Ambassador to Croatia Peter Galbraith have arrived to Kurdish ROJAVA ( N…  
In another interview with an  israel TV channel,  Turkey's  Erdogan says:  Israel is our 2nd home &amp; strategic pa n…   
Trump conflict of interest in  Turkey ,he scare if says something about  Erdogan , then his tower will be close do…   
Barzani ASKING  Yazidi families &amp; religious leaders,TO NOT  keep up with the PKK's popularity  in  sinjar  shingal   
An image of  Turkish imperialism over  Kurdish minorities. Another demolished city, a fascist  Erdogan 's  governme…   
Erdogan  bill to pardon statutory rape if perpetrators marry victim IN  tURKEY
List of journalists who colluded with  Clinton Campaign - source   wikileaks  Trump2016  ClintonVsTrump…  
Erdogan is becoming the equivalent of   Iraqi  Kurdistan,  where  leaders placed fealty to themselves above  law…   
none of the material  Turkish officials have given to their  US counterpa s has yet risen to the standard of proof…  
Situation has gone worse in iraqi  Kurdistan,soon after  Barzani told the protesters “we don’t care about your dema…   
Protest against  Barzani Continuing in  Iraqi  Kurdistan 19/11/2016   سلێمانی  Sulaymaniyah  kurdistan24  kurds…  
BREAKING Thousands of  kurdish Protesters demonstrate against  Barzani In   Iraqi  Kurdistan &amp; asking  to leave th…  
US state depa ment : “  Erdogan does not even deserve the answer , regarding his remarks on  ISIS  daesh  ISIL  i…   
US Congress “ Mr speaker 40 000 people have been arrested in  Turkey , Pro  kurdish  HDP &amp;  KURDS  under attack by…   
Remember kids, a Donald Trump isn't just for Christmas.. 
News of arrests of YPG-linked Czechs shocks Turkey    ypg  ypj  qsd  SDF  kurds  kurdish  kurdistan  amed  diyarbakir
BREAKING Under the order of  Erdogan the members of  Turkish Intelligence (MIT)  burned the  kurdish Institute of…  
interesting:  Pyd leader   salihmuslim  speaking at UK parliament &amp;  Erdogan  addresses Pakistan Parliament…  
BREAKING  Turkey has arrested   KamuranYüksek, co-leader of  DBP ( kurdish  main political pa y) in   İdil   HDP…   
Kurdish youngster handcuffed &amp; executed by Turkish police in the city of Antalya.
Syrian al- assad Says:  Turkish  Erdogan mentally sick &amp; not stable also he is suppo ing  ISIS  full interview :…  
Syrian president  Assad  told    P TV  : Turkish  Erdogan mentality sick &amp;  he is not stable    full  interview…   
Chief adviser of  turkey's President  Erdogan snaps at French  journalist:'Your mother is a dictator!'…  
kurdish city  Şırnak  leveled to the ground by  Turkish  Erdogan 's special forces , only 1 mosque left - 14/11/20…   
Turkish  Erdogan destroyed  kurdish city of  Şırnak.&amp; placed the  Turkish flag  in the middle of destroyed city?…  
kurdish city of   Şırnak Destroyed by  Erdogan special forces  After 8 months  curfew ,where is  Amnesty,…   
Erdogan has ordered &amp; banned visitors to attend Pro  kurdish  HDP’s Weekly meeting in  Turkish parliament…  
Erdogan has ordered to  keep  kurdish leader  Demi aş with Al- Qaeda convicts &amp; ordinary prisoners  HDP  Amnesty…  
2nd weekly parliamentary group meeting of  HDP without jailed co-LEADERS :This time visitors banned from…  
Erdogan &amp;  Gulen kisses /
Here is  Kurdish city  Şırnak  in south east  Turkey ,destroyed by  Erdogan special forces  14/11/2016, shame on…   
Erdogan destroying  Kurdish cities in  Turkey 1 by 1 here is Kurdish the city   Şırnak photo taken 14/11/2016 wher…  
After  Erdogan closed 20  Kurdish TV’s &amp;  radio in  Turkey, he is now destroying Kurdish cities one by one 14/11/20…   
inSchulz   Turkish FM  Çavuşoğlu EuropeanUnion standards mean nothing to  Turkey,do whatever you like    
European Parliament President(   inSchulz ) Statement on the detention of   leaders and MPs in…  
Turkish FM  Çavuşoğlu  to EP president   inSchulz :    EuropeanUnion standards mean nothing to  Turkey, do whate…   
Kurdish  YPG / YPJ destroy  ISIS vehicle laden with EXPLOSIVES (suicide  bomb
Ma inSchulz:The President of the European Parliament says :economic measures on Turkey is the only way to STOP…  
As Russia never bombed Kurds in Syria, it’s shocking for me  but unfo unately  its true , :(  Today R…   
As Russia never bombed Kurds in Syria, it’s shocking for me, my concern and i  hope Putin not cooperating…   
i am in shock my self yes they are Russian jets :( here is the pa  that we found from the floor  
more photo ---&gt;&gt; i am in shock my self yes they are Russian jets :( here is the pa  that we found fro…  
i am in shock my self yes they are Russian jets :( here is the pa  that we found from the floor  
last few  hours news agency said they are Turkish  jets but now we found the pa  at the ground its Russi…  
here is more photo , its shows  its Russian made   
Mr  putin , why  Russian jets bombing  Kurdish city  Afrin in  Syria ? This is an accident or new cooperation with…   
We shocked why  Russian warplanes bombed  Kurdish  civilians in  Afrin? How Mr  Putin not saying any things about h…  
warplanes which bombed  Kurdish city  Afrin ,using  Russian made bomb its very clear in this photo , 8 civilians ki…   
BREAKING  Russian jets bomb  Kurdish city  AFRIN IN  Syria 8 civilians killed , over 50 injured , the reason is no…   
Trump’s Top Military Adviser Is Lobbying For Obscure Company With Ties To Turkish Government   via  
Turkey is transforming into a dictatorship   via  
Meet  American &amp;  Danish volunteers who joined  kurdish  YPG to recapture  Raqqa from  IslamicState  Daesh  ISIL
THANK U
Erdogan's  Fascist Slide  link   
Since 1991 -6 president changed in  US but for kurds its just same man for ever- That is why  kurds don't have a co…  
Hea breaking picture of Pro  kurdish  HDP leader (  Demi aş ) Inside  Turkish prison   solidaritywithdemi as…  
Donald Trump: Turkey ‘Looks Like They’re On The Side Of ISIS’   via  
president ''  donaldtrump  '' dancing with  kurdish music,  Erdogan &amp;  ISIS will get crazy  :)  daesh  ISIL  NUSRA…   
Russian Jets bombs  JaishAlFatah/ al- nusra Terrorists positions in  Aleppo Soon after  DonaldTrumpWins ’s Victory…  
BREAKING Video shows  Erdogan has ordered to  banned Donald Trump name &amp; brand in  Turkey full video election2016
breaking documents detailing force marriage of 13 year old yazidi girl to 20 year old  ISIS fighter for $850…  
Video shows : Turkish president  Erdogan calling  muslims in  USA ,to not vote for  donaldtrump…   
Video shows : Turkish president  Erdogan calling  muslims in  USA ,to not vote for  donaldtrump   
Video shows : Turkish president  Erdogan calling  muslims in  USA ,to not vote for  donaldtrump   -&gt; kurds  YPG…   
Turkish  Erdogan asked  US Muslims not to vote for  DonaldTrump  with English subtitle  electionday  ElectionNight…  
WE WILL KEEP REMIND HIM :)
i would like to congratulate  donaldtrump on being elected as  US president- please keep ur promise regarding…  
Anti  ISIS , Kurdish  YPJ fighter says:   ISIS believe if they are killed by women,they won't go to heaven,so i am h…   
Clashes continue between  kurdish  YPG/ SDF  &amp;  ISIS Near No h  Raqqah  RaqqaOps  Daesh  IslamicState  ISIL  KRRDS…  
Thousands of  Kurds Rally Against dictator  Erdogan in  Germany Full repo  hdp…  
HDP Group Meeting In The  Turkish  parliament  hdp  SolidarityWithHDP FreeHDPnow  freedom4hdpnow  freeHDP  kurds…  
‘Get out terrorist,  Erdogan !’huge demo in Iraqi  Kurdistan ,protests  turkey in  SolidarityWithHDP  HDP full vide…   
kurdish protest continuing in all around the world , the msg  is clear :   stop second saddam in middle east HDP…   
BREAKING  turkey launches new offensive on  Kurdish  YPG positions no heast  Syria  full repo …  
the situation in Turkey getting worse after  Erdogan jailed pro kurdish  HPD leaders
financial times:  Erdogan moves in on executive presidency after crackdown on Pro  kurdS   HDP_isnot_alone  HDP LIN…  
It's Time to Kick Erdogan's Turkey Out of NATO   via    isis  daesh  hdp  freedom4hdp  freehdp  freeHDPNOW
Erdogan backed  ISIS suppo er attacking  kurdish protesters in front of  German police in  Germany  Daesh  ISIL…  
children who escape from  ISIS in  Raqqa safely arrived to the  kurdish  SDF Control area   daesh  ISIL…  
US, Turkey agree to develop plan for Raqqa 
BREAKING  Erdogan 's anti  kurdish campaign continuing : 158 member of pro kurdish  HDP arrested,to ured in…   
Pentagon: US air suppo  has 'significant effect' in Mosul offensive
EU's Juncker says will be Turkey's fault if migrant deal fails   via  
BREAKING : Turkish Army transferred 40  ISIS from  Iraq to  turkey , for attacking  Europe &amp; Kurdish cities link…   
Why Kurds in southeast Turkey are not taking to the streets   via  
Turkish police using Tear Gas,Rubber Bullets, directing shooting at kurdish protests in Turkey  Amnesty  HDP…   
Turkish government defends arrests of Kurdish opposition leaders   via  
VIDEO: Police uses live bullets to disperse the crowd in  Kurdish city of  Diyarbakir  amed Nov 4  FreeHDPnow…  
in photo:Clash  between  Turkish police &amp; Pro Kurdish  HDP suppo ers in  Istanbul midnight   hdp…  
Clash continues between  Turkish police &amp; Pro Kurdish  HDP suppo ers in  Turkey
Des milliers de Kurdes défilent contre Erdogan en Europe   via  
FR: Türkiye daha huzurlu ve güvenli olmayacak   via  
Is Turkey on the fast track to fascism?   via  
BBC News - Is  Turkey still a democracy?  
Erdogan=ISIS  the same brutal mentality
video shows the moment  Turkish police arrested  Dr  İdrisBaluken kurdish MP ( MEMBER OF TURKISH PARLIAMENT )…  
Erdogan :The Hitler of our Time,Eu most step in and urgently stop erdogans crime against humanity in southeast Tur…   
Turkey’s Post-Coup Crackdown Targets Kurdish Politicians  
HDP msg to  Erdogan not just jail , even if you cut every single pa  of our body , we will never ever going to…   
BREAKING Clashes continue between protesters &amp;  Turkish police IN Sisli Istanbul  RIGHT NOW  hdp  FreeHDPnow…  
To Transform Turkey, Erdogan Needs Chaos   via   
The moment   Turkish police arrested  HDP LEADER  selahattindemi aş , And transferred him from one jail to another…   
Turkey’s ‘Kurdish Obama’ Is Now in Jail    FREEHDP  FREEHDPNOW  HDP  TURKEY  KURDS  dbp
Erdogan arrested  kurdish leaders &amp; 12 MP, Shutdown internet in kurdish areas ,kurdish tv channels taken of air…   
Turkey arrests pro-Kurdish  DBP co-leader   SebahatTuncel  , EU most step in and stop  Erdogan 's CRIME against hum…   
BREAKING Clashes continue between protesters &amp; Turkish police soon after  Turkey arrests pro-Kurdish pa y leaders…  
inside  mosul -  Iraq , Assault On ISIS - STREET fighting between  ISIS &amp;  kurdish   Peshmerga forces continuing…   
soon after  albaghdadi &amp; his family arrived in  turkey safely,Mit uploaded a fake audio of him so no one believes h…   
Yesterday on 2/nov/2016  Turkish jets In  Syria filmed  kurdish  YPG  checkpoints &amp; sent to  ISIS &amp; AL  Nusra TO at…  
BREAKING 1000’s of escaping civilians from  mosul ,facing death between  Iraq &amp;  Syrian  border.no water,no food…   
In Opinion: Rounding up the ISIS collaborators, in Turkey and Kurdistan   via    islamicstate 
US top com Stephen townsend says:  YPG is the only force capable In  Syria - &amp; see what  Erdogay says about his ph…  
Kurdish YPG will be pa  of coalition effo  to isolate Raqqa: U.S. commander   via  
Turkey says Syrian rebels could replace Kurdish forces in battle for Raqqa  
BREAKING: Turkey bombs  US backed (anti  ISIS )  kurdish  YPG  QSD forces in  Shehba , Syria – 28/10/2016  ISIL…   
Erdogan reasse s Turkey's role in wars in Syria and Iraq    syria  rojava  ypg  ypj  kurds  raqqa  kurdistan  kurd
US John Kirby  calls  turkey 's attacks on  Syrian  Kurds is 'oxygen' for  ISIS  IslamicState  daesh  roajva  ypg…  
Syrian Kurds say fear Turkish 'stab in back' in Islamic State battle   via  
Clashes Continue in the largest  kurdish city  Diyarbakir in   TURKEY over mayor arrests , 100's of protesters arre…   
Hundreds protesting  Erdogan in  Germany over  Diyarbakir mayors arrested in Turkey  GültanKışanak  amed  amediting…  
Turkey jailed    Diyarbakir mayor, arrested  kurdish MP &amp; shuts down Internet  In all  kurdish city in South east…   
BREAKING  Turkish police arrested   feleknasuca  &amp; another kurdish MP in  Diyarbakir  turkey   amed  kurds  batman…  
BREAKING  GultanKisanak, the mayor of largest  kurdish city in  turkey arrested by  Erdogan's police  AMED…   
Christian fighters crying from happiness after they recaptured their land &amp; church from  ISIS near  mosul In…   E
kurdish forces  rescues iraqi civilians , In  Bashika area Near   mosul 25/10/2016 
kurdish forces Captured 15  ISIS suicide bombers dressed up like women  in  Iraqi kurdish city of  kirkuk  daesh…  
Erdogan Is The Father Of  ISIS   - New Documentary Outlines  Turkey's Suppo  Of The  IslamicState   
pa  3 -  Kurdish forces Capture 15  ISIS fighters fleeing  Kerkuk dressed as Women  Kirkuk  كەركوك  daesh  ISIL…  
pa  2 -  Kurdish forces Capture 15  ISIS fighters fleeing  Kerkuk dressed as Women  Kirkuk  كەركوك  daesh  ISIL…  
pa 1-  Kurdish forces Capture 15  ISIS fighters fleeing  Kerkuk dressed as Women
Shocking: US officers suppo ing  Turkish warplanes to attacks against  US Backed  kurdish  YPG/ SDF in  Syria
BREAKING  American officers suppo ed ,   Turkey-backed attacks on  SDF/ kurdish  positions in No h  Syria    
pa  2- protest against  barzani - in  Erbil -iraq kurdistan   by Dr  pirbal -
Dr  pirbal -protest against  barzani - in  Erbil -iraq kurdistan
To @ _Erdogan: we are not your enemy and we will liberate our land through the determination of our men and not by vide…
BREAKING  Turkey bombs  kurdish positions near  Syria ’s  TelAbyad full repo  :  
The  British volunteers prepared to die fighting  Isis in  Syria  daesh  isil  ypog  ypj  qsd  sdf link ---&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
Kurds in  Syria have to connect  afrin to  Kobane before  raqqa operation, US will move them out  same as  Manbij…   
arming  Syrian  Kurds  SDF so they Can Take  Raqqa But They Can't Stay same as  Manbij , Says Top  US General  link…   
Turkey backed  FSA (free  syrian army ) to ure,killing ,insulting Syrian civilians specially children  azaz…   
ISIS executed 12 of its own fighters on charges of fleeing the battlefront in  Syrian  Raqqa…  
BOOM! Wikileaks Confirms Hillary Sold Weapons To  ISIS  
BREAKING  Turkey backed  FSA ( Combined al- nusra &amp;  ISIS ) chanting death to  America in  al_rai  In - Syria  
Turkey backed  FSA IN  al_rai  - Syria Americans we're coming for your slaughter  -&gt; Mr  biden s moderate rebels   
ISIS leader  albaghdadi live in  Turkey,&amp; had meeting with  SaudiaArabia foreign minister Regards  Raqqa &amp;  Mosul   
BREAKING  Turkish tanks enter no h  Aleppo in  Syria  Azaz  DAESH  ISIS  ISIL  NSURA  SYRIAN  KURDS  ROJAVA  
ISIS removed the  Christian cross in Heseke,Shadadi-  Syria ,Kurdish  YPG  YPJ Removed  ISIL flag &amp; put cross back   
Did the West turn a blind eye to a Kurdish commander's abuses?   via  
Kurdish Factor 'Key to the Success of the Syrian Ceasefire':   via  
Tensions Flare Between Turkey, Kurds Over Syria’s Manbij   
In  Jarabulus  ISIS shaved off their beards,changed flag back ground to cream &amp;  baghdadi photo to  Erdogan  daesh   
Barzani-affiliated forces fighting with Turkey against Syrian Kurds: PYD
pa  3  
pa  2  
pa 3 Isis didn’t leave  Jarabulus; they just shaved off their beards  daesh  ISIL  ISLAMICSTATE    cereblus  
pa 2 Isis didn’t leave  Jarabulus; they just shaved off their beards  daesh  ISIL  ISLAMICSTATE    cereblus  Syria  
Isis didn’t leave  Jarabulus; they just shaved off their beards  daesh  ISIL  ISLAMICSTATE  cereblus  erdogan  nusra  
American  YPG fighter protest in front of Joe  Biden 's home in  Washington
US  YPG fighter,Robe  Amos demonstrating in front of  Biden 's home 4 last 2 DAYS LINK  
European Union SAYS : Erdogan's state of emergency,mean more attack on  Kurds in south-eastern  Turkey    DIYARBAKIR 
teachers says  Turkey 's  Erdogan closed down all  Kurdish languages school in S eastern Turkey  amed  diayrbakir  
The 'normal guys' from the UK and US who have given up their day jobs to fight Isis ypg  ypj  rojava  KOBANE  KURD
all  Kurdish name -Removed, after  Erdogan seize 28  Kurdish municipalities in south east  Turkey  Amed  daiyarbakir   
for english --  
hi here is the English  one   
france24  Arabic :   Mr  barzani as a  kurd how do you help  Erdogan killing  syrian  kurds?   barzani head down &amp;...   
ocalan said:if the  Turkey is ready for Peace, we can finish war in six months &amp; 4 EVER  AMED  DIYARBAKIR ----&gt;&gt;   
Turkey's Erdogan backed Syrian rebel blames US for killing jihadi commander isis  daesh  nusra  syria  Syria
Barzani criticised the  PYD regarding  Turkey attack on  Syrian  Kurds full vid:    YPG  YPJ  
France24 asked  Barzani :you meet  Erdogan &amp; he kills  Kurds ,how that works for you ? full 
Protest continues in ALL  Kurdish cities in  Turkey - internet cut off &amp;100's arrested
BREAKING  Turkey cut off the internet in all  kurdish cities soon after
FULL REPO   
pa  3:  Kurdish  AngelinaJolie 's last moment  in front line against  ISIS
pa  2:  Kurdish  AngelinaJolie 's last moment  in front line against  ISIS
pa 1:  Kurdish  AngelinaJolie 's last moment  in front line against  ISIS
BREAKING  Turkey backed Free  Syrian army ( nusra) shelling  kurdish city  Afrin -16 rockets hit the city so far  
BREAKING  Turkey backed Al- nusra fighters shelling  Kurdish city of  Afrin- civilian casualties repo ed  YPG  SDF  
Russia used the  Kurds to pressure the  Turks. Now  Moscow achieved its goal, abandoning the  Kurds in  syria  ypg 
Kurdish city  cizre :  Turkey seize 28  Kurdish municipalities In south east  Turkey
Kurdish city  silopi -  Erdogan forces seize 28  Kurdish municipalities in n south east  Turkey  hdp  kurds  BDP  
BREAKING  Turkey top officials arrived in  Qamishli airpo  to meet  Syrian regime official over war against  YPG  
28 Kurdish  dbp  Municipalities Seized by  Turkey, Protest continue in  Batman  hdp  amed  Diyarbakir  sur  Kurds   
BREAKING : Turkey seize 28  Kurdish municipalities, protest continuing in  Hakkari  hdp  kurds  amed  Diyarbakır   
Independent :Isis didn’t leave  Jarabulus; they just shaved off their beards  daesh  ISIL  ISLAMICSTATE    cereblus
Protest against  Turkey  Erdogan at  Venice film festival
BREAKING VIDEO SHOWS : Turkish shelling kills six members of  Kurdish force in  Afrin  Syria, many injured   ypg   
Kurdish  AngelinaJolie  dies battling  Isis suicide bomS in  Syria  ypj  YPG  full repo 
ISIS  ISIL
BREAKING  SaudiArabia Offered to send  Saudi forces with  Turkey for  Raqqa operation syria    
Eu commissioner says:  Turkey not comply with EU values such as rule of law,Turkey most comply with  EU values   
BREAKING  ISIS evacuated their headqua ers in the city of  Al_Bab IN  Syria
US Defence  AshCa er says: Syrian  Kurds are Most successful pa ner on the battlefield against  ISIS  DAESH  ISIL  
Kurds in  Rojava opening representative in Benelux  Netherlands today afternoon 8/9/2016  ypg  ypj  qsd  SDF  Afrin  
Turkish army attacked  Kurds in  Syrian city of  Afrin 6 killed many injured   ypg  ypj  roajva  qsd  SDF  Efrine
BREAKING: Turkish army killed 6 &amp; injured 8  US BACKED  Kurdish FORCES IN  Afrin –  Syria  KOBANE  YPG  ROJAVA  YPJ  
British   :i witness  Turkish army  non stop attacking anti  ISIS , Kurdish  YPG  YPJ  QSD  SDF  roajva   
Solidarity coalition formed to remove  Turkish army from  Syria
New group in Syria,calls  Syrian to stand against  Turkey invasion in  Syria  rojava  ypg  ypj  kurds  SDF  QSD  FSA   
BREAKING  Syrian National Resistance calls the nation
BREAKING   Russia call on : Turkey to Step back &amp; not go to  deeper into  Syria 's territory   Jarabulus   cereblus  
Graduated from  IslamicState school in  diyarbakir  Turkey 7/9/16  But  Erdogan says he is fighting  ISIS in  Syria  
ISIS would be happy, if  Turkey join  Raqqa operation , So they can Remain as liberators 
Turkey has entered  Syria to fight against  Kurds  YPG not  ISIS  DAESH more via  
Erdogan told  Turkish  journalists : Obama asked help from  Turkey,For libration of  Raqqa 
Erdogan told  Turkish  journalists : Obama asked help from  Turkey,For libration of  Raqqa from  ISIS  daesh  ISIL 
US envoy to anti- ISIS coalition Brett McGurk visits kurdish city  kobani 1 week after  Turkey  Kurdish conflict  
Mesud Barzani '3 bavul altın'la geldi!
:)
min video nedit
Turkish troops kill  Kobani teen with cross-border fire   via    kobane  isis  rojava  ypg  ypj  kurdistan  kurd
Erdogan 's Terrorist moves out from Aleppo , Iranian backed moving in 
American Matson on the frontline against  ISIS in syria-msg to  US -  Turkey just helping isis he syas  
BREAKING  American  Matson:“ Turkey impeding our advance against  ISIS in  Syria &lt;&lt;&lt; Welcome progress  
frontline msg :   Manbij  YPG  YPJ  ROJAVA  Jarabulus  ISIS  DAESH  ISIL  Syria  Syrian  cereblus  داعش  kurds  amed
BREAKING  American  Matson:“ Turkey impeding our advance against  ISIS in  Syria”  daesh &gt; 
Kurds in  Syria ( Rojava ) Are Under Attack by  Turkey &amp;  ISIS
Turkey arraigns pro-Kurd MPs for first time since immunity bill   via  
full video  Who is fighting whom in  Syria? The question’s simple – the answer’s not.  
Who is fighting whom in  Syria?
ISIS Commander among  Turkish Army and  FSA that Captured  Jarabulus !!
ISIS Commander among Turkish Army &amp; FSA that Captured Jarabulus
ISIS  suicide bombing in  Syrian   Kurdish city  Hasakah  Syria  الحسكة  ISIL  daesh  IslamicState  nusra  Syrian  
:five things that you must know about  Erdogans fake Operation In  Jarabulus - isis corridor 2  Raqqah  
Welcome progress :Turkey sending weapon to  ISIS day night &amp; wont let  Raqqa to fall  that is for sure  
Erogan's city council truck (ozturk)  sealing final 98-kilometer with ISIS  
DOC - Free pass visa for isis  all around the world to Turkey ----Turkish embassy -&gt;&gt; Welcome progress  

ALL this isis fighters from Turkey -isis got free pass from ALL Turkish border   They all Turkish MIT  
Turkish army &amp;  ISIS BBQ PA Y@ turkey -syria border ----&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;Welcome progress in sealing final 98k  
Kobane - Syria 3/9/2016 Turkey killed 3 kurdish civilians and injured 85  ---&lt;&lt;&lt;  Welcome progress  
Erdogan killing kurds in kobane every day , u just closed your eyes and dont want to see it   

Erdogan have mad plane for  ISIS , your biggest mistake in  Jarabulus  daesh  ISIL  cereblus   

you must be kidding  
yes sure  
Syrian  kurds:see themselves as possible victims of international betrayal specially in  Manbij
the Terrorist who kidnapped &amp; shot a  Times  journalist now  is a  Erdogan 's  Jarabulus  fake operation commander  
BREAKING  YPG  : Turkish army coordinates with  ISIS &amp; targeting our forces in  Syria link    
BREAKING  tURKEY &amp;  isis SECRET MEETING INFO in english and arabic  daesh  isil  islamicstate   via  
Tishrin Dam  Syria  kurdish  YPG VS  ISIS &amp; captured 2 OF  ISIL  DAESH  IslamicState  nsura  FSA  QSD  SDF  
BREAKING  Turkey -  ISIS  Meeting details IN  Jarabulus agreement p1  daesh  ISIL  cereblu  AlBab  Syria  
BREAKING  Turkish Military official meet  ISIS military commander in  Jarabulus agreement p1  daesh  ISIL  cereblus  
BREAKING  Turkey &amp;  ISIS Meeting details in  Jarabulus  SYRIA: ISIL agreed to transfer 7 Area to  Turkish army  
The Betrayal of  Syria's  Kurds    ypg  ypj  kurds  kurdish  Jarabulus  Jarabulus  cereblus  daesh  isis  isil  roajva
please comment:what do you think about  Erdogan &amp;  OBMA Meeting in  G20  China ? green light to attack  YPG or Red ?  
Photo talk :The msg from  OBAMA is very clear,by photo    erdogan invasion to   Syria =  saddam invasion to  kuwait   
BREAKING  Turkish army attacking kurds in  Syrian border town Kobani ,3dead, injured 85  KOBANe  QSD  SDF  YPG  YPJ   
inside ' ISIS prison' where women kept as  sex slaves in  Syrian city of  Manbij
ypg  ypj  Manbij  Istanbul   HDP  YPG   KURDS  1eylüldünyabarışgünü
joe  biden faces protest in  Ohio over deal with  Erdogan in  Turkey &amp; forcing YPG to withdraw from Manbij
joe  biden faces protest in  Ohio over deal with  Erdogan in  Turkey
1 year ago  ISIS attacked  kobane but today  Turkish  erdogan  kobani  kurds  qsd  yps  kurdistan  rojava  kurd  HPG  
BREAKING:  Turkish army attacking  Kurds in  Syrian BORDER TOWN  Kobane -RIGHT NOW  KOBANI  QSD  SDF  YPG  YPJ  
BREAKING  Turkish army clashes with  Rojava  kurds in  Syrian Border town  kobane  KOBANI  YPG  YPJ  Right now  
IslamicState 'To ure Cells' Discovered By Rebel Fighters in Syria daesh  ISIL  ISIS  MANBIJ    MANBIJ  Jerablus
ISIS &amp;  Turkey cooperation -60 pages doc, - released by  Rojava self-administration   daesh  isil  IslamicState 
Turkey's strategy in Syria :60 pages doc,cooperation ISIS &amp; Turkey - released by Rojava self-administration   


Turkey's strategy in Syria :Turkey Arming  ISIS and sending to kurdish city of kobane,here is inside Turkey   eIdn0v5 
Turkey's strategy in Syria :five things that you must know about  Erdogan +  ISIS Operation In  Jarabulus  
Erdogan's strategy in Syria * first: Helping ISIS  * Second: destroy kurds * third: assad is the last one  
Turkey's strategy in Syria is helping isis - turkish train carrying war tanks and weapons delivered to isis  
Turkey's strategy in Syria ,in English: how Turkish army helped  ISIS  ISIL to attack kurdish city  Kobane   
Turkey's strategy in Syria , look at the car that is   ISIS USING From oz turk auto belong to erdogan son   
Turkey's strategy in Syria , Captured isis said: 120 isis had entered from turkey to kobani to kill kurds   
abu bakr al baghdadi was meeting with isis leader near Turkish border , because is safe haven for  ISIS   
Turkey's strategy in Syria to  to keep help isis as much as they can , now sending help to raqqa directly   
Thousands of al qaeda members  pass the Turkish border to Syria -&gt; Turkey's strategy in Syria ,  Jarabulus   
Turkey and isis had  negotiate over  Jarabulus  MANBIJ  Jerablus  cereblus  ypg  ypj  nusra  Daesh  ISIL  
this is the Turkey's strategy in Syria, helping ISIS ,destroying kurds , assad will be second after kurds   
this is the Turkey's strategy in Syria, helping ISIS ,destroying kurds , assad will be second after kurds   
Turkey's strategy in Syria is Delivery Weapons &amp; fighters to  ISIS via  Jarabulus to  Raqqa &amp; killing kurds  
BREAKING  Turkish riot police clash with Anti war protesters in  Istanbul   HDP  YPG   KURDS  1eylüldünyabarışgünü  
Turkish people must ask  Erdogan to step down ,a warning from history of  Afghanistan ,  Iran &amp;  Libya  Jarabulus   
YPG holds  Turkey-backed rebels accountable for to uring  Kurdish fighters  Jarabulus  - ARA News   via  
YES
100s have gathered at the GPO in Dublin for protest against  Turkey war on  Syrian  Kurds  
welcome to Turkey ,  Erdogan 's  Turkey will be second  Afghanistan soon   
NY times:Turkey’s Military in  Syria says to  ISIS: NO NO DARLING  I AM NOT  shooting YOU Jerablus   Jarabulus
Ca oon of the Day:   's (deadly) adventure in  Syria
Turkey &amp;   ISIS Cooperation in jarabulus   oons  MANBIJ  Jerablus  cereblus  ypg  ypj  nusra  Daesh  ISIL  
US Biggest Mistake in  Jarabulus
operation to Seize  ISIS Capital  raqqa will be Impossible in this year as  Turkey helping  ISIL against  Kurds  YPG  
operation to Seize  ISIS Capital  raqqa will be delayed as TURKEY attacking US backed kurdish  YPG fighters in Syria  
Donald Trump: Turkey ‘Looks Like They’re On The Side Of ISIS’   via  
EXCLUSIVE Leaked intelligence of secret Iran HQ in Syria via  
12  Kurdish men have been executed by republic state of green  ISIS in  Iran
Exclusive Leaked intelligence of secret  Iran HQ in  Syria link : daesh  iranian  ISIL  
EXCLUSIVE Leaked intelligence of secret Iran HQ in Syria    iran  iraq  daesh  isis  turkey  kurds  ypg  ypj
Turkey fighting  ISIS or Growing  ISIS ? SEE WITH YOUR EYES
Weapon transfer between  Turkey &amp; Jihadist  terrorists in  Syria
Pentagon Calls on  Turkey to Stop Fighting  Kurds - ABC News -  Jarabulus  MANBIJ  Jerablus  cereblus  ypg  ypj
France criticizes Turkish military intervention in  Syria    
US:  Turkey war on  SDF &amp;  YPG IS    unacceptable &amp; a source of deep concern    daesh  Jarabulus  Jerablus  cereblus   
VIDEO shows :Weapons Delivery from  Turkey to  ISIS in  Syria  daesh  ISIL  Jarabulus  MANBIJ  Jerablus  cereblus  


The Turkish invasion of Syria w pretext to fight ISIS + in reality targeting Kurds vividly explained in a ca oon    
BREAKING  VIDEO : Massacre of  Kurds in Dendeni   Manbij , Syria Committed by  Turkish army  Jarabulus   Jarabulus   
Turkish army bombing  Kurdish civlians  in  Syria right now many  killed
Turkey Jets bombing  Kurds in Syria right now  many  civilians were killed
Turkey bombing  Kurds many  civlians were killed , streets is  full of dead body 
Turkish  Erdogan's Police raid  Kurdish  NEWSPAPER  AzadiyaWelat offices in  Diyarbakir and jailed 27 employees  
ISIS lover  Erodgan has, Banded the Kurdish  AzadiyaWelat  NEWSPAPER in  Diyarbakir and jailed 27 employees  Turkey   
Syrian Repo er:  Barzani is a symbol of shame as he co-operates With  Erdogan against  Kurds in  Rojava  Jerablus  
Erdogan backed  terrorists  seizing  Us backed  SDF -secured villages near  Manbij with d Help of  Turkey airstrike  
TURKISH ARMY &amp; Moderate terrorist killed 32  US backed  Kurdish forces in a horribly barbaric way in  Jarabulus  
footage from  Jarablus op y'day shows town abandoned by  ISIS &amp; seemingly taken without a shot being fired  cereblus  
Erdogan has sent msg for  Turkish army to attack  manbij,  ISIS dressed in  FSA uniforms side by side Turkish army   
Turkish army non stop , killing , civilians &amp;  US backed  anti  isis  fighters  IN   near  Jerablus in  Syria !!!!!   
U.S. ally  Turkey 's army &amp;  FIGHTERS IN  Syria  KILLING Anti  ISIS   US backed  SDF  YPG near  Jarablus ITS SHAME  
How  US  suppo ing this  Turkey backed terrorist ? they R killing  US Backed ANTI  ISIS,  SDF Fighters IN  Jarablus   
how  US suppo ing this  Turkey backed terrorists ?,they killing  US backed anti  ISIS ,  YPG &amp;  SDF IN  Jarablus   
Turkish airstrikes,tank killed 55  civilians in  Syria , YPG Respond &amp; destroyed 2of the tanks   Jerablus  cereblus   
Turkish military have targeted US backed   YPG  &amp; us is keep silence
@ _com    
BREAKING  Turkey targeting  us backed anti  ISIS,  Kurdish  YPG fighters  in  syria 
StopTurkishOcupationInRojava  
BREAKING  Turkish warplanes bombing the  US Backed  Syrian  SDF in village of el-Amarna  Jerablus  Jarabulus  DAESH  
BREAKING  Turkey backed  FSA attacking  US BACKED  SDF In  Manbij  ISIS  Jerablus  Jarabulus   cereblus  daesh  
SORRY THAT INFO IS NOT CORRECT, I KNOW HER , I AM EZIDI MY SELF,SHE sets herself on fire to stop Isis raping her on daily basis 
Erdogan 's fake Campaign Against  ISIS in  Syrian  Jarabulus
The West is betraying the  Kurds and allowing them to be massacred  Jarabulus
5 THINGS YOU must know about   Jarabulus &amp;  Erdogan  daesh  ISIS  ISIL  cereblus  Jerablus  Syria  
five things that you must know about  Erdogan anti  ISIS  Jerablus Operation In    Jarabulus  Syria  Biden  cereblus  
In abandoning the Kurds, the US has betrayed its only ally in the war in Syria   via   
Erdogan Turn  Jarablus into a safe haven  corridor for transferring weapon to  ISIS  in  daesh capital  Raqqa   
American  YPG fighter:  US backing  Turkey-led  Jarabulus operation is a slap in the face for Kurds   via  
The West is betraying the  Kurds and allowing them to be massacred  ypg  jerablus &amp;  raqqa   Cerablus  manbij
Erdogan 's  Jarablus operation Commanders photo &amp; black file repo 
Tom Janssen : Real face of  Erdogan and  ISIS from 2014 to 2016  kobane  kobani  ypg  jerablus &amp;  raqqa   Cerablus  
NO ISID Cerabulustan kacmadi  still there they changed their  uniform full vid    
NO ISID Cerabulustan kacmadi  wallah ve billah  still there but changed their  uniform  
US Biggest Mistake in  Jarabulus, has  made Liberation of  Raqqa  Impossible in this year  jerablus   
US Biggest Mistake in  Jarabulus, made Liberation of  Raqqa f  ISIS Impossible in this year  jerablus   
US Biggest Mistake in  Jarabulus, made Liberation of  Raqqa from  ISIS Impossible in this year  jerablus   
US Biggest Mistake in  Jarabulus, made Liberation of  Raqqa from  ISIS Impossible in this year  jerablus  Cerablus   
ISIS executing 5  Kurds &amp; thanking  Erdogan for Opening corridor for them in  jerablus &amp;  raqqa   Cerablus  Manbij  
ISIS by executing 5  Kurds thanking  Erdogan for opening corridor for them in   jerablus  Cerablus  US made mistake  
Turkish PM  yildirim:  German  Spiegel  magazine is big liar,We are Cleaning  ISIS In  Syria  daesh  ISIL  NUSRA :)   
Erdogan has sent 6000  ISIS disguised as  FSA &amp;  Turkish army from  Turkey  into  Syria    
Erdogan has sent 6000  ISIS disguised as  FSA &amp;  Turkish army from  Turkey  into  Syria in last 48 hours  jerablus  
ISIS attack Civilians in  Syrian city of  Manbij with  Chemical Weapons daesh  islamicstate  jerablus  Cerablus
BREAKING   Chemical attack @ _com      DAESH
BREAKING  Turkey backed  ISIS dressed in  FSA uniforms attack  Manbij with  ChemicalWeapons   jerablus
BREAKING  Turkey backed  ISIS dressed in  FSA uniforms attack  Manbij with  ChemicalWeapons   jerablus  Cerablus  
Erdogan has sent 5000  Turkish made Anti Tank (LAW) to  ISIS Capital   Raqqa to Protect   ISIS.  jerablus  Cerablus  
Turkey has sent 5000  Turkish made Anti Tank (LAW) to  ISIS Capital   Raqqa to help  ISIS.  jerablus  Cerablus  
spiegel: Erdogan's gol in  jerablus  Cerablus   ISIS is the pretext , Kurds are the target 
ISIS &amp;  Erdogan agreement :Uniform change in  jerablus  Cerablus ,military corridor for  Raqqa ,fight against  YPG   
Turkey opened legal corridor for  ISIS Capital  Raqqa under the name of  Jarablus  Cerablus Liberation from  Daesh  
BREAKING  Turkish Army attacking  US BACKED  SDF positions in Liberated  Manbej right now  Cerablus  Jarablus  YPG  
BREAKING Reuters Top news  Syria  Kurds win battle with government,  Turkey mobilises against them LINK  HASAKAHH 
BREAKING  Turkish Army shot &amp; killed 15 year old boy (  kurdish  refugees ) in  Rojava &amp;  Turkey border   amnesty  
Camera Saif aladin: YPJ and  YPG are in total control of  Hasakah
23/8/2016  Turkey need  Barzani to destroy  ROJAVA - AS YOU SEE  Erdogan  even not respecting his  KRG FLAG  Iraq  
After  kurds take control on 95% of  Hasakah  Assad agreed to negotiate a  ceasefire link    
VIDEO The  Syrian war just took another shocking turn  hasakah  ypg  ypj  syria  assad  US  isis   via  
Bishop of  Hasakah &amp;  Christian leader thanked  Kurdish fighters 4 defending Civilians  from  Syrian regime &amp;  ISIS  
BREAKING :  US BACKED  YPG launches assault TO  syrian regime in  hasakah and took over Central prison   via  
BREAKING  Us backed  Kurdish fighters  ypg  ypj took control of the Central Prison FROM  Syrian regime in  Hasakah  
VIDEO A 14 years old  ISIS suicide bomber was arrested by  Kurdish security forces in  KERKUK  KIRKUK  ISIL  Daesh  
Erdogan prepares to buddy up with  Assad in  Syria
The dramatic moment an  ISIS child suicide bomber in  Kurdish city of  Kerkuk , Iraq   DAESH  IslamicState  Kirkuk   
true story of Links between  Turkey and  ISIS  daesh  ISIL  SerenaShim  Islamicstate link  
BREAKING  Turkey, Iran &amp;  Russia meeting with  Assad in  Syrian Capital  Damascus to discuss attack on KURDISH  YPG   
BREAKING Head of  Turkish Intelligence,  HakanFidan, on  Erdogan behalf met  Syrian   Assad in  Damascus  YPG  YPJ   
Syrian jets , dropping bombs on  Kurdish civilians in Hasakah for third day,55 killed and hundreds injured    
Syrian jets bombing  US backed  Kurds in  Hasakah for third day, 55 killed &amp; 100’s Injured  
BREAKING  Syrian jets ,dropping bombs on  US backed  Kurds In Hasakah,55 killed and hundreds INJURED   syria  ypg 
BREAKING  Syrian regime jets hit  Kurdish  YPG positions for the third day , even after  US warning in  Hasakah   
Hasakah : Iran has joined forces with  Assad to attack the  US backed  Kurdish  YPG IN  SYRIA via  
BREAKING  Iran ( Hezbollah) has  joined forces with  Syria to attack the  US backed  Kurdish  YPG  YPJ in  Hasakah  
BREAKING The  US. military came under attack from  Syrian Regime airstrikes In  hasakah ypg  ypj  syria  kurds
Syria bombed  US-backed Forces in  Hasakah on second day Syrian  Assad  Kurds  حسكة  ypg  ypj  rojava
VIDEO:  Syrian  Assad launches airstrikes on  US-backed  Kurdish  YPG  YPJ in  Hasakah on  second day, MANY KILLED 
IslamicState Fighters Pictured With Human Shields Fleeing  Manbij  Daesh  ISIL  syiria  Syrian  QSD  SDF  KURDISTAN  
BREAKING :  Syrian  Assad  bombing  Kurds in  Hasakah for second day, many civilians killed &amp; injured. حسكة  YPG   
US moves nuclear weapons from  Turkey to  Romania As  Erdogan cooperate with  ISIS -full repo   daesh  ISIL
SYRIA :  Assad bombing  Kurdish  YPG in  Syrian  Hasakah as result of  Turkey  Syria &amp;  Iran Agreement full repo   
humanright :forced marriage &amp; Pregnant 32 yo woman  face execution in  Iran
BREAKING Situation has gone worse in  Hasakah  syria ,  kurdish  YPG removed  Assad's photo &amp;...  ypj   Rojava  PYD   
Assad Bombing kurds - street-to-street fighting continues in  Hasakah 18/... ypg  ypj  qsd  syria  syrian  assad
BREAKING : street-to-street fighting continues in  Hasakah -  Syrian  Assad bombing  Kurds  YPG  ypj  حسكة  Rojava  
BREAKING  Syrian  bashar  assad bombing  kurds in  Hasakah  right now soon  after  Turkey ,  Syria &amp;  Iran meeting   
BREAKING: American  WilliamSavage killed syria on the war against iSIS   via    DAESH  ISIS  ISIL  YPG  YPJ
BREAKING : American  WilliamSavage killed in  Syrian  Manbij ,on the front line against  ISIS, for  Kurdish  YPG   
Merkel s government says it has PROOF  Turkey suppo s terrorists  ISIS  daesh  IslamicState  ISIL  Erdogan  Nusra  
Armed  Turkish police attacked and shut down the Pro  Kurdish  newspaper (  OzgurGundem )
EXCLUSIVE  VIDEO :  Turkey ’s  Erdogan shut down the Pro  Kurdish  newspaper (  OzgurGundem )  HDP  twitterkurds  
Breaking  Turkish cou  orders closure of pro- Kurdish  newspaper  OzgurGundem   via    TwitterKurds  kurdish
The  German Federal Government leaked doc:  Turkey's  Erdogan suppo s  terrorists  daesh  ISIS  ISIL  IslamicState  
Manbij liberation from day 1
After liberating of the city --&gt;&gt;  Erdogan &amp;  ISIS Are Still Concentric Circles  daesh  ISIL  manbij  syria  Syrian  
BREAKING  German gov Leaked doc  .  Erdogan suppo ing  ISIS  daesh  IslamicState  ISIL -&gt; 
BREAKING  German gov secret doc Leaked .  Erdogan suppo ing  terrorists  ISIS  daesh  
ISIS Fans Single Out Women In Freed Town For Burning Their Niqabs  in  manbij full repo  --&gt;&gt;   daesh  ISIL
Committee to protect journalists solidarity campaign for  Kurdish  journalists in  Turkey -&gt;
Twitter is repo edly bowing to pressure from the current  Erdoqan regime in  Turkey link :
HDP co-chair   SelahattinDemi aş press conference In  amed  Diyarbakir
Manbij said thank you to  US Marlboro ,  Kurdish  YPG  YPJ, SDF &amp; Said NO to  Erdogan &amp;  IslamicState  ISIS  Daesh   
Erdogan is not happy about the liberation of  Syrian city of  Manbij from  ISIS
who suppo ed who in  Syrian city of  MANBIJ ??  IslamicState  QSD  SDF  YPG  YPJ   Minbic  منبج  Erdoğan   Syria  
the street of  Syrian town of  Manbij after 2 days without  ISIS
Syrian town of  Manbij - liberated from  ISIS by  US-backed forces  IslamicState  QSD  SDF  YPG  YPJ   Minbic  منبج  
Msg from   HDP leader  SelahattinDemi aş to  Ahmet_Davutoglu  after  Manbij Liberated  amed  YPG  YPJ  PYD  Manbij  
celebration continues  in  Manbij  syria
meet the man that his hand cut off by  ISIS in  Manbij  SYRIA  IslamicState  SDF  YPG  YPJ  KURDS  Minbic  منبج  qsd  
US-backed forces take  Syrian city of  Manbij from  IslamicState
US-backed forces ( Arab- Kurdish  YPG / YPG ) Takes  Syrian city of  Manbij from  ISIS video    
US-backed syrian forces led by kurdish  YPG/ YPJ takeS  Syrian city of  ManbIJ from  ISIS  SYRIAN ..   via  
Manbij
BREAKING  Manbij liberated from  ISIS celebration continues   QSD  SDF  YPG  YPJ  KURDS  SYRIA  Minbic  منبج  KURDS  
Manbij Liberated from ISIS -  12-8-2016, New video islamicstate  daesh  isil  ISIS  YPJ  YPG  KURDS  SYRIA  SYRIAN 
BREAKING :  Manbij Liberated from  ISIS SOON AFTER The  Kurdish  YPJ,  Women's Protection Units Rescued  civilians   
BREAKING  Manbij liberated from  ISIS celebration continues  QSD  SDF  YPG  YPJ  KURDS  SYRIA  Minbic  منبج  KURDS  
syrian town  Manbij Liberated from  ISIS ,  daesh burned all documents before they killed or fled from the city 
BREAKING : Manbij Liberated from  ISIS,operation completed  QSD  SDF  YPG  YPJ  KURDS  SYRIA  Minbic  منبج  KURDS   
BREAKING : Manbij Liberated from  ISIS , operation completed at 5:45 pm 
Erdogan from  Syrian border to  Russia Airpo   Putin  TurkeyCoup  Turkey  Ankara  istanbull  erdoganputin  PYD  
Kurdish  YPG  AYPJ destroy a  ISIS suicide bomber's truck filled with explosives coming @ them  daesh  IslamicState  
pa 2:  PUK/ YNK / JalalTalabani police attacked   Freedom for  ocalan protest    in  Sulaymaniyah  Iraq 8/8/2016  PKK   
pa 1:  PUK/ YNK / JalalTalabani police attacked    Freedom for  ocalan protest    in  Sulaymaniyah  Iraqi 8/8/2016   
before &amp; after ,  Erdowie,  Erdowo,  Erdogan  erdoğan meet  Putin  Russia  Turkey  amed  Turkish  russian  meeting   
HDP 's  Demi as :we didn’t unite with  Erdogan in  Istanbul Rally cuz  he is  responsible of killing   civilians  
Turkey 2016
according to these documents (video)  Erdogan and  ISIS cooperated for  Belgium attack  daesh  ISIL  IslamicState  
current situation in  Manbij  منبج  Syria
BREAKING: ALL  ISIS flags have been removed In the city of   Manbij  by  SDF  YPG full vid:
Australian  JamieBright ON the front line against  ISIS in  Syria- Before he died   23/2/2016    ypg  ypj
hea breaking ,  ISIS Slavery  girls market , please share &amp; expose the truth    daesh  ISIL  ISLAMICSTATE  NUSRA 
BREAKING: Isis flag have been removed from Central of the Manbij    daesh  isis  isil  ypg  ypj  kurdish  kurdistan
BREAKING  ISIS Flag taken down from the center of the  Syrian town of  Manbij  منبج %90 free from  ISIL  Daesh  SDF  
live from  Manbij  منبج City centre    qsd  YPG commander has confirmed  90% of the city is free from  ISIS 8/8/2016   
Exclusive:100s gather on  Pe h to farewell  Australian  JamieBright, killed fighting against  ISIS in  Syria  YPG   
Exclusive Street by street video from  Manbij  منبج over 90% of the town had taken  from  ISIS  سوريا  QSD  YPG 7/8  
Erdogan's Son Will Get Arrested for Trying to Launder More than $1 Billion in Cash
barzani banned  yazidi s historical  flag in  Sinjar since 2015 - See nice action by  US  soldiers  YazidiGenocide  
Right now from  Manbij the city is not fully controlled yet - there is still clash continuing  Syria  QSD  YPG  YPJ  
Nadiamurad to  Barzani : how come 15000  Peshmerga fled from  Sinjar in 2014 &amp; there is no investigations?  Yazidi  
BBC News - Iran hangs 20  Sunni  Muslim over 'armed attacks'    iran
Breaking:  Hollywood actor  MichaelEnright returns to the frontline against  ISIS in  Syria  YPJ  YPG  kurds  PYD  
Ezîdî  Yazidi people set up their own military units called  YBŞ to fight against  ISIS IN  Sinjar  Şengal  shengal  
sinjar  shingal  YazidiGenocide  Yazidi  Ezidi  Remember3August
hea breaking moment that  ISIS drag away 8 &amp; 9 yo  Yazidi  girls from parents for  sex slavery in  Sinjar  shingal  
Sick ISIS magazine lists 'why we hate you'   via  daesh  islamicstate  nusra  eredogan  islam  ISIL  ISIS  Terrorists
JohnOliver - Coup Attempt in Turkey pa  2  ERDOGAN  TURKEY  Istanbul  Ankara  KURDS  HDP  Gulen  GulenMovement  
JohnOliver - Coup Attempt in Turkey pa  1
Kurdish  Peshmerga in  Iraq &amp;  Kurdish  YPG /  YPJ in  Syria , are only serious anti  ( ISIS  daesh) ground forces   
Gulen told  CNN:  coupattempt in  Turkey It looks more like a  Hollywood movie than a military coup  TurkeyCoup  
how can  UN &amp;  Turkey calls this terrorists moderate  Syrian opposition ?killing  Russian pilots very BARBARIC way:(  
18+  Turkish Mit fired from ground in  Idlib , shot down  Russian  helicopter &amp; moderate terrorists killed  pilots   
@ _com   BREAKING : Turkish  Intelligence MIT shot down  Russian  helicopter &amp; they killed 2 pilots in   Syria 18+  
BREAKING : Turkish  Intelligence MIT shot down  Russian  helicopter &amp; they killed 2 pilots in  Aleppo  Syria 18+  
BREAKING  Erdogan :  drop charges &amp; forgives cases is not included the Pro  Kurdish  HDP &amp;  SelahattinDemi aş  amed   
New  Turkey:millions of  Turkish citizens waiting for visa free travel to become a  refugee in  Europe  Erdogan  
Under the name of  TurkeyCoupAttempt, Erdogan jailed all Anti  ISIS Military commanders &amp;  journalists  IslamicState   
Erdogan organised  fakecoup to have full control of army&amp;  become a  supreme leader in  Turkey  TurkeyCoup  Ankara  
Manbij :  now I'm free from  ISIS    please let me burn this black burqas , i swear to never wear black again    Daesh   
DonaldTrump told the repo ers that he is a big fan of  Kurdish fighters   DonaldJTrump  TrumpPence16  YPG  YPJ  
BREAKING  British Muslim  cleric tells teenagers its OK to have  sex with  slaves
BREAKING : police chief in  Köln said    ErdoganDemo is an extreme liability for  German national  security  Markel   
dictator  Erdogan 's  Suppo ers Yell 'Death to  US &amp;  Obama ' Near  Turkey 's Incirlik Base in  Adana -  Turkey  
Kurdish female fighters intensify anti- ISIS combat | Africanews
The whole world has a  Erdogan problem - today  Erdogan suppo ers protesting  Germany situation in  Koln right now  
Erdogan - Backed third moderate terrroist groups in  Syria -&gt; Ahrar al-Sham thanked  Turkey &amp;  Qatar for their help  
Erdogan backed Al- Nusra ‘s break from  AlQaeda = terrorists tactic – 25 day after  Turkey &amp;  Syria secret meeting  
N news  Kurdish tv visits  Erdogan s self-exiled arch-nemesis  FethullahGulen at his  US estate  gulen  TurkeyCoup  
Kurds Dream At Night  DonaldTrump Will Become President to finish off  ISIS    DonaldJTrump  TrumpPence16  YPG  YPJ  
BREAKING  Kurdish  journalist  RenasLelikan has been refused bail in  Sydney over allegation links to  PKK  HPG  
ISIS  Jihadist execute,crucify  Syrian man on charges of apostasy  DAESH  IslamicState  ISIL  Manbij  Aleppo  Syria   
Moscow calls for the inclusion of  Kurds in  Geneva  PYD  YPG  YPJ  ROJAVA   SYRIA  REPO :
pa 3   HDP chairman  Turkey 'The only solution to go out of this crisis is a peace policy 
pa 2   HDP chairman  Turkey 'The only solution to go out of this crisis is a peace policy 
'The only solution to go out of this crisis is a peace policy' -  HDP chairman  Turkey   pa 1  
HDP  YPG  YPJ  AMED  DIYARBAKIR  SelahattinDemi aş  hdpdemi as   HayatinSesiSusturulamaz  sur  cizre  kurdistan  
Erdogan democracy in  Turkey , Gay man beaten to death in Sincan 
Images from  Kurdish town  Qamishli near  Turkish border,West 'Should Put End To  Erdogan 's Secret Ties With  ISIS   
ISIS Terrorist attack on  Kurdish town  qamishlo, Qamishli  Qamişlo  kurds  kurdish  kurd  ypg  ypj  rojava  ISISL   
BREAKING witnesses say that baby killer  ISIS entered from  Turkey to  Qamishli  qamishlo  YPG   QamishloAttack  
Death toll from two explosions by terrorist  ISIS feared to rise in  Kurdish city  Qamishli near  Turkish border  
two  ISIS Suicide Car bombs targets  Syria 's  kurdish town   Qamishli  qamishlo  near  Turkish border  daesh  ypg   
BREAKING :terrorist  ISIS deadly attack on  Kurdish city of  Qamishli 57 killed and 100s injured  qamishlo  ROJAVA  
Deadly  ISIS  DAESH Suicide bombings hit  kurdish city of  Qamishli in  Syria 57 killed &amp; 100s injured YPG  YPJ
BREAKING VIDEO  ISIS suicide bomb hits  Kurdish city  Qamishli in  Syria 57 killed &amp; 100s injured  qamishlo  ypg  
From  Jabhat al-Nusra to Jabhat Fateh al-Sham :  Nusra breaks its ties with  Qaidat al-Jihad   via  daesh  isis  ISIL
How to be come moderate in  Syria: From Jabhat al- Nusra to Jabhat Fateh al-Sham
BREAKING Rescue another 200 families from the city of  Manbij -  syria  QSD  YPG  YPJ   ISIS  Daesh  IslamicState  
RebwarKerim wali ,from  barzani’s ( Rudaw TV) says in face book page :   i am proud to be a member of  Turkish MIT 
Turkey requested  Twitter to remove accounts of  Kurdish news search engine pressfreedom  
Rescue 127 civilians inside  Manbij in  Syria &amp; Deadly bombing Repo s is  ISIS propaganda 2 slow the operation  sdf  
German Authorities Find ‘Weapons Of War’ During Raid Near Radical Mosque    isis  daesh  ISIL  ISLAMICSTATE  Nusra
Erdogan Faked his own  Coup in order to Wield More Powe  soon after he  apologized for shooting down  Russian jet  
FethullahGülen says: Turkeycoup organized by  Erdoğan ’s regime
Turkey's failed coup and  Erdogan 's anti-Kurdish agenda via   repo ok    HDP  TURKEYCOUP  ANKARA  DIYARBAKIR
Terrorist attack in  Munich  Germany   Iranian gunman kills nine &amp;HIMSELF IN  Munich  MunichAttack  MunichShooting  
SelahattinDemi aş: hdp leader about  FethullahGulen activity in  Turkey 2012  amed  Diarbakir  ankara  istanbul  
America warns  Turkey it could lose  NATO membership  TurkeyPurge  TurkeyCoup full repo :
Turkey is our ally. So we cannot ignore the  Turkeypurge that is now under way | Owen Jones turkeycoup  erdogan
من مراسيم الوداع المهيبة للشهيد القيادي حسين شاويش ' هفال هركول ' اليوم في ديريك
BülentArınç:o gece  Erdogan Darbeyi nasil eniştesinden öğrendi?
Turkey  Erdogan suspends   European Convention on  humanrights in wake of  TurkeyCoup link 
not sure what is going on here  
Ferhat Encu'nün Meclis'teki bir konuşmasının üzerine sadece bir görüntü ve birkaç fotoğraf montajını  Bilal Gezer  
Turkey declares 3 month state of emergency after  Erdoğan pa y emails go online by   WikiLeaks  TurkeyCoup  Daesh  
Reggio Emilia gives honorary citizenship to the  Kurdish / PKK leader  Ocalan IN Italy link    
US Today:  Erdogan turn  Turkey into, an  IslamicState link --&gt;&gt; erdoganfakecoup  turkeycoup  Turkishcoup  ISIS 
fuat avni rast evaye  ----&gt;&gt;&gt;  
18+  Turkey's  Erdogan bodyguards to uring  Turkish  solders -brutal  to ure caught on camera  TurkeyCoup  Amnesty  
RELEASE: 294,548 emails from Turkey's ruling political pa y,  Erdoğan's  AKP  AKPemails 
18+ video  Syria moderate opposition who received suppo  from  Turkey, Qatar &amp;   SaudiArabia behead  child  Aleppo 
Istanbul : Erdogan  AKP  MHP &amp;  ISISI In Turkey,working together &amp; attacking anyone who don't like  ErdoganFakeCoup   
undress  Turkish soldiers inside chicken factory mean:democracy failed but  Daesh mentality win in  Turkey  Erdogan  
:  WikiLeaks suffers sustained attack’ after announcing megaleak of  Turkey govt docs  TurkeyCoup  Erdoganfakecoup  
Anonymous releases statement regarding  Erdoganfakecoup   Turkey,&amp; suppo  of Wikileaks upcoming release  TurkeyCoup   
Turkey  Erdoganfakecoup suppo er in  Malatya set hotel ,book stores on fire &amp; police says well done 19/7/2016   
Erdoganfakecopu followers attacking government building in  Germany  TurkeyCoup   Daesh  erdogandictator  Turkey  
15/7/ 2016  Saddam suppo er become  Erdogan suppo er, that’s why  ISIS always protecting  Erdoganfakecoup  daesh   
15/7/ 2016  Saddam suppo er become  Erdogan suppo er now , that’s why  ISIS always protecting  Erdoganfakecoup   
BREAKING  Erdogan &amp; hakan fidan  preparing  second fake activity from now ON  TurkeyCoup  Turkey  ErdoganEmails  
BREAKING  Erdogan &amp; his Intelligence services preparing for second fake activity from now ON  TurkeyCoup  Turkey  
ErdoganFakeCoup jailed,to ured &amp; humiliate 6000 of  opposition includ high ranking generals in 24 hours in  Turkey   
ErdoganFakeCoup EU claims  Erdogan list of 3,000 names to be arrested was prepared BEFORE  coup 6000 jailed, in 24h   
ErdoganFakeCoup jailed, to ured &amp; humiliate 6000 of his opposition (high ranking generals ) in 24 hours  Turkey   
ErdoganFakeCoup jailed, to ured &amp; humiliate 6000 of his opposition (high ranking generals ) in 24 hours  Turkey   
EU claims : Erdogan had already prepared list of 3,000 names to arrest BEFORE turkeycoup link:    
European  Union official:Turkey coup crackdown prepared in advance :)  Turkeycoup  erdogan
Erdogan suppo er - Turkish flag with  Saddam - T-shi   TurkeyCoupAttempt  turkeycoup  isis  ErdoganFakeCoup  
Coming Tuesday: The  ErdoganEmails: 300 000  internal emails from Erdoğan's AKP - through to July 7,16.  Turkeycoup    
100%  Erdogan behind  TurkeyCoup +1 more --&gt;  ISIS never claims responsibility 4  Turkey bomb attacks ...  Daesh  
WikiLeaks  Erdogan inn siyasi güç yapısıyla alakalı 100 bin dökümanı yayınlamaya hazırlanıyor  TurkeyCoup  Turkish  
WikiLeaks :Get ready for a fight as we release 100k+ docs on  Turkey's political power structure.  TurkeyCoup  Soon  
18+ ISIS commander in  Turkey confirmed that “ the police requested us for help in  TurkeyCoup   to save  Erdogan   
18+  Erdogan requested,1000  ISIS &amp; 650  nusra  joined  operation against Army  TurkeyCoup In  Ankara &amp;  Istanbul   
Group of  ISIS suppo ing  Turkish  Erdogan  in front of T.C military headqua ers in  Ankara  TurkeyCoup 16/7/2016  
Attack on the  Erdogan ’s presidential palace known as  AkSaray in  Turkey  TurkeyCoup  darbe   Istanbul  Ankara  

Breaking video   kurdish  PKK Commander Dr  bahozErdal  not killed in  Syria ,Radio intervi...    ypg  ypj  bahoz 
Breaking:  PKK Top Commander not killed in  Syria , Kurdish Radio interview commander Dr  bahozErdal  bahoz  pa 4   
Breaking:  PKK Top Commander not killed in  Syria , Kurdish Radio interview commander Dr  bahozErdal  bahoz  pa 3   
Breaking:  PKK Top Commander not killed in  Syria , Kurdish Radio interview commander Dr  bahozErdal  bahoz  pa 2   
Breaking:  PKK Top Commander not killed in  Syria , Kurdish Radio interview commander Dr  bahozErdal  bahoz  pa 1   
THE body of   Australian  YPG Fighter  Jamiebright  is on the way home   via  
green  ISIS ( Iran backed  hashidshaabi )WILL BE the second most dangerous  organisation in the world  IslamicState  
THE body of  Australian  YPG  ypj Fighter  Jamiebright is on the way home ,Transferred from  Rojava to  KRG  airpo    
Erdogan &amp;  barzani keep sending armed  Syrian  Kurds from  Erbil / Turkey to  Syria 4 fight against  YPG  QSD  YPJ  
BBC News - Turkey tourism: an industry in crisis  
Turkey 's  Erdogan 's  Humanitarian relief Transpo ation,  Syria  Turkey 
BREAKING  Turkey &lt;-&gt;  ISIS border pass caught on tape  daesh  ISIL  IslamicState full vid :    
Exclusive:the moment that  MuhammadAli 's family rejected  Turkey s  Erdogan   US  full vid    
Orlando  terrorist attack is just a pa  of  Erdogan ’s Di y  ISIS Games &gt; SOON after he left us same as  Brussels  
BREAKING  Erdogan 's B guards attacked  American  secret services officer in  US full vid: 
MelaBextiyar: we will continue to suppo   PKK For freedom of  Kurdistan
Turkish  Erdogan snubbed from speaking at  MuhammadAli funeral WENT BACK TO  Turkey  cizre
BreakingNews 80% OF  ISIS already escape from   Manbij -  liberation of Manbij from  Daesh will be very  soon  SDF  
BREAKING the  SDF , will soon announce the full liberation of  Manbij from  ISIS A large number of  Daesh escaped   
BREAKING the Manbij Military Council repo edly broke into several  ISIS security centres in city of   Manbij  SDF  
Erdogan's Crime against  Kurds southeast  Turkey    Doc  Erdoganistan  cizre
US-backed coalition led by the  Kurdish  YPG ( DSF) advance on  ISIS in  Manbij    via    daesh  islamicstate
BREAKING Holding Territory Taken From  ISIS in  Manbij CLASH continuing in 6 km of No h Manbij  ypg  ypj  qsd  SDF  
shame on You  NATIO
BREAKING: US-Backed  Kurdish- Syrian forces have Entered d Key  ISIS strong hold  Manbij  qsd  SDF  YPG  ypj  Raqqa  
Erdogan = abu bakr al  Baghdadi  and  AKP = moderate   Daesh
BREAKING Happening now :  Turkey attacked  kobane link:    kobani  ypg  rojava  Syria  Raqqa  
BREAKING Turkey attacked  kobane
U.N. worried for civilians  stranded after  heavy clash continuing in kurdish shiex meqsood in aleppo    via  
Ebuleyla died :( badly injured 2 days ago  EbûLeyla Şehid bu /بو ليلى يفقد حياته HE killed 1000  ISIS  in  kobane  
BREAKING  Turkey-backed  Nusra   terrorists attacks  Kurds in  Aleppo   Syria 270 killed &amp; 100 injured  YPG  ISIS  
BREAKING  Erdogan -backed AL  Nusra AL Sham  terrorists carried out attacks on  Kurds in  Aleppo   Syria 270 killed  
BREAKING   Erdogan Keep sending weapon to  ISIS &amp; AL  NUSRA in  Syria  DAESH  IslamicState  ISIL  TURKEY pa  2  
BREAKING   Erdogan Keep sending weapon to  ISIS &amp; AL  NUSRA in  Syria  DAESH  IslamicState  ISIL  TURKEY pa  1  
Connections Between  Turkey s  AKPa i and  ISIS  Never end.
NewYorkTimes Yes, It’s  Genocide, yes  Turkey Committed crime   Armeniangencide  armenia  erdogan  turkish LINK --&gt;   
BREAKING  US-backed coalition led by   YPG have captured  ISIS headqua ers
US-backed coalition led by the  Kurdish  YPG have captured  ISIS headqua e...    daesh  ISIL  ISLAMICSTATE   RAQQA
France  PARSIS  cinema 8/6/ 2016  -  Kurdish  Peshmerga Forces ON Frontlines against  ISIS 
BREAKING the  German MP behind d vote is Receiving threats from  Turkish   Erdogan secret service  ArmenianGenocide  
Syria ’s  Qamishli a window onto  Turkish-  Kurdish conflict across border   via NUSAYBIN  CIZRE  SUR
There must be recognition of the  rights of  Kurdish people wherever they live
Young woman to  DavidCameron :“stop waffling“ why you not let me  to talk about  Turkey ? keep  ERDOGAN out  EU  YPG  
German parliament announced that  Armenian 1915 massacre was a  genocide and committed by  Turkish forces  Erdogan  
Erdogan 's 2 redlines have been destroyed 1 by  YPG passed  firat  River &amp; other one by  Germany passed  genocide  
good morning mr president just letting you know that they simply passed your Kırmızı çizgiyi  YPG  YPS  AMED  Rojava  
Breaking 1000's of  US-backed rebels  Kurds passed  Erdogan red line al Furat river clash continue in  Manbij  ISIS  
Pa  1 Video:  Armenian  genocide committed by  Turkey
Pa  2 Video:  Armenian  genocide committed by  Turkey
Pa  3 Video:  Armenian  genocide committed by  Turkey
Pa  4 Video:  Armenian  genocide committed by  Turkey
Pa  4 Video:  Armenian  genocide committed by  Turkey
Pa  3 Video:  Armenian  genocide committed by  Turkey
Pa  1 Video:  Armenian  genocide committed by  Turkey
Pa  3  Video:  Armenian  genocide committed by  Turkey
Pa  2 Video:  Armenian  genocide committed by  Turkey
Video:  Armenian  genocide committed by  Turkey Pa  4
Video:  Armenian  genocide committed by  Turkey Pa  3
Video:  Armenian  genocide committed by  Turkey Pa  2
Video:  Armenian  genocide committed by  Turkey Pa  1
clear msg for  erdogan , just  13 km away from  Raqqa,  raqqacampain  raqqah  ypg  YPJ  kurds  kurdish  kurdistan   
Erdogan's  Nationalism policy at  the root of  ethnic  cleansing &amp;  genocide in  Turkey must stop bji  YPG  YPJ  
Reuters news agency situation in south-east turkey is devastation  sur  Nusabybin  sirnak   cizre  amed   via  
BREAKING US-backed  Syrian rebels,  Kurds launch op to cut ‘last  ISIS funnel’ to  Europe  DAESH  ISIL – repo    
US medical team helping injured  YPG fighters in No h  Raqqa -  Erdogan 'a kapak olsun :)  YPJ  ROJAVA  PYD  PKK  
Kurdish  Peshmerga Forces FrontLines Against  ISIS  daesh full video  Pêşmerge  پێشمەرگە  
With the  Kurdish  Peshmerga Forces on the FrontLines Against  ISIS  daesh  ISIL full video 
Exclusive  Australian  JamieBright killed fighting against  isis in  YPG  ROJAVA
video:  Exclusive  Australian  JamieBright killed fighting against  isis in  Syria
BREAKING  Australian  JamieBright killed fighting against   isis in  ypg ( Syria)
BREAKING 100'S OF  ISIS Have been killed &amp; 25 arrested  by  Kurdish  Peshmerge forces in  Mosul  iraq   Peshmerga  
A  woman from the  US showing her solidarity with  Kurdish  YPG  YPJ forces joined by  US military in  Raqqa  Syria  
Turkey slams U.S. over photos of American troops wearing Kurdish patch   via  
Erdogan = sadam -   The new Turkish Parliament
thousands of  Kurdish female fighters on the way to  ISIS capital   Raqqa  ypg  ypj  deash  kurds  IslamicState  
thousands of  Kurdish female fighters on the way to  ISIS capital   Raqqa  ypg  ypj  deash  kurds  IslamicState  
Kurdish  YPJ AND  YPG are sending huge Reinforcement to  ISIS Capital   Raqqa  IslamicState  Daesh  US  SYRIA  Kurd  
American special forces &amp;  YPG - Operation against ISIS DAY 5 - NO H  Raqqa
full video link:Captured  ISIS fighter says 'trained in  Daesh training camps INSIDE  TURKEY
Erdogan providing full training for    ISIS in  Adana &amp;  qazintep camps inside  Turkey but says  YPG IS  terrorist  
Daesh lover  Erdogan is Trying 2 find excuse to stop the operation against  ISIS in  Raqqa  raqqah  ypg  ypj pa  2  
Erdogan Trying to find excuse to stop the operation against  ISIS de-facto capital  Raqqa  raqqah  ypg  ypj pa  1  
YPG / US -ARMY  offensive on the No h  Raqqa , :) Erdogan has to call mental doctor tonight :) for sure  raqqah   
YPG/US -ARMY  offensive on the No h Raqqa ------&gt;&gt; Erdogan gone crazy :)
U.S. orders troops in  Syria to remove  Kurdish insignia    YPG  ypj  raqqa  raqqah  kurdistan  kurds  kobani  amed
Good morning  Erdogan  US Forces joined   YPG 4 operating against  ISIS in  Raqqa Full vid    
US Special Forces joined  Kurdish  YPG  YPJ 4 operating against  ISIS in  Raqqa Full video    
100's on  kurds burned to death by  Turkish army in  Nusaybin &amp;  sirnak in  Turkey video -&gt;    
Erdogan Dreamed to finish PKK in  Turkey , but that doubled  PKK Suppo ers in 2016  YPS  AMED   
love you erkram :) tu her bji
Erdogan Dreamed to finish PKK in  Turkey , but that doubled  PKK Suppo er in 2016  YPS  AMED  Diyarbakir  Kurdish   
US  say businessman with 'close ties' to Turkey's  Erdogan poses flight risk
kurdish female fighters  YPJ And   SDF   arrest 5 ISIS members in no h  Raqqa  RaqqaCampaign  ISIS  IslamicState  
Breaking clash continue for second day  between  Kurdish -led  SDF and  IslamicState in No h  Raqqah  Raqqa  ISIS  
Prime Minister  binaliyildirim = 0   Erdogan just need his name in reality he has no power in the government  Turkey  
Kurdish female  YPJ fighter carry her dog &amp; Kalashnikov Push for  ISIS capital  Raqqah in  Syria  RAQQA  YPG  KURDS  
Kurdish female  YPJ fighter carry her dog &amp; Kalashnikov Push for  ISIS capital  Raqqah in  Syria  RAQQA  YPG  KURDS  
Kurdish female  YPJ fighter carry her dog &amp; Kalashnikov Push for  ISIS capital  Raqqah in  Syria  RAQQA  YPG  KURDS  
kurdish  YPJ  YPG and US 'planning military coordination against  ISIS in  Raqqa
BREAKING  Kurdish forces have entered  ISIS Capital  Raqqa from No h, Female commander told repo er  ISIL  daesh   
BREAKING  Kurdish female  YPJ commander ( RojdaFelat) told repo er they have entered no h  Raqqa  ISIS  ISIL  ypg  
political system in  Erdogan 's   Turkey
Very emotional moment 4yo  Kurdish  girl trying hard to save her mother from dead full vid :   
BREAKING : Turkish police attacked  kurdish  HDP rally in  Mardin. Several killed ,injured &amp; arrested  Turkey   
BREAKING : Turkish police attacked  kurdish  HDP rally in  Mardin. Several killed ,injured &amp; arrested  Turkey   
BREAKING  Turkish police attacked  HDP rally in   Kurdish CITY  Kiziltepe,  Mardin  Several DEAD AND Injured   
BREAKING  DavidCameron says:  Turkey can’t Join  EU until Year 3000 :)
Kurdish Forces  YPG   YPJ Preparing to Attack  Daesh  ISIS Capital of  Raqqah
Turkish parliament votes to lift MPs' immunity as  Erdogan acts against  Kurdish politician
Kurdish Forces  YPG   YPJ Preparing to Attack Daesh Capital of  Raqqah in Upcoming Hours
Deal or no deal? Either way, Merkel sacrificed Europe to  Erdogan ’s whims 
Kurdish  PKK fighters shot down  Turkish warplane
Erdogan suppo ed terrorists ( Syrian opposition) killed many  Kurdish civilian in  Aleppo  Haleb  kurds  kurds  
Protest against  Erdogan front of  Turkish Embassy in  Berlin  Germany 4 suppo ing  CanDündar &amp;  ErdemGül 12/5/2016  
Protest against  Erdogan front of  Turkish Embassy in  Berlin  Germany 4 suppo ing  CanDündar &amp;  ErdemGül 12/5/2016  
Protest against  Erdogan front of  Turkish Embassy in  Berlin  Germany 4 suppo ing  CanDündar &amp;  ErdemGül 12/5/2016  
Protest against  Erdogan front of  Turkish Embassy in  Berlin  Germany 4 suppo ing  CanDündar &amp;  ErdemGül 12/5/2016  
Protest against  Erdogan front of  Turkish Embassy in  Berlin  Germany 4 suppo ing  CanDündar &amp;  ErdemGül 12/5/2016  
Exclusive 100's of Kurds burned To death by Turkish army in Southeaster Turkey
100's of Kurds burned do death by Turkey in  cizre  sur  silopi  sirnak  Nusaybin full vid &gt;    
erdogan war criminal
Anti  ISIS   journalists   CanDundar shot in  Istanbul by  Erdogan suppo er
BREAKING  ISISI offshoot opened official representative in  Turkish city  Malataya in  Turkey  IslamicState  Daesh  
assault on pro  Kurdish  HDP MP's inside Turkish parliament third time in 1 week
BREAKING 1 dead and 2 injured after M shots fired at  Bankstown shopping  in  Sydney VIDEO 


Turkish army to ured &amp;  killed many young  Kurdish girl &amp; boys in  Diyarbakir ,  Turkey  shame on you  NATO   
New  Erdogan -  Merkel-Song by german NDR-  extra3
Pro-  Kurdish activists protest  Davutoglu 's visit to Council of  Europe
Kurds in  Syria ( Rojava) destroy a  ISIS suicide bomber's truck full explosives
BREAKING :119  ISIS &amp; al- Nusra teorrists have been killed by kurdish  YPJ &amp;  YPG fighters in  Afrin - no h  Syria  
BREAKING : 119 ISIS &amp; al-nusra teorrists have been killed by kurdish  YPJ &amp;  YPG fighters in  Afrin - no h  Syria  
BREAKING  Turkey arrested a Dutch columnist  EbruUmar, 
BREAKIN clash continuing between  Kurdiish forces &amp;  Syrianarmy in
A  UK-based magazine has offered a prize to the  author of the most offensive  poem about  Turkish  Erdogan  
Swedish children,have incredibly collected 65,000 Kronor for a new  schools to be built in  Kobane  KOBANI  YPG   
90 percent of   germans want  Merkel to quit her job  over  bohmermann case
British magazine: Send us your rude poems about Turkey's Erdogan  
ISIS would be easy to defeat if  Turkey  Erdogan  and  SaudiArabia  did not suppo  it  Daesh  IslamicState  ISIL  
special award to anyone who can find a :) offensive poetry for  Erdogan by British  author
offensive poetry competition’ about Turkey’s Erdoğan by British author and journalist Douglas Murray  
The President  Erdogan Offensive  poetry Competition’ by  British author  DouglasMurray
Introducing ‘The President Erdogan Offensive Poetry Competition’  
DouglasMurray Introducing ‘The President  Erdogan Offensive  Poetry Competition’  
Introducing ‘The President  Erdogan Offensive  Poetry Competition’  
Chancellor  Angela  Merkels granted  Turkey ’s  Erdogan  to prosecute a  German satirist who derided Recep al turki  
AngelaMerkel apologize to  Erdogan 4 the Poem - 1 day after  German prosecutors open case against  Comedian Jan  
Kurds clash with  Erdogan  Turks in 5 cities in  Germany 18 injured, 24 arrested 
BREAKING  Turkey bombing  Kurds in  Nusaybin civilians burned 2 death

Rojava Traffic police &amp;  Kobane  cars plate numbers  ypj  YPG  
The moment  Kurdish  YPJ commander from  Rojava is Rescues a  woman enslaved by  ISIS in  Syria  daesh  IslamicState  
The moment  Kurdish  YPJ commander from  Rojava is Rescues a  woman enslaved by  ISIS in  Syria  daesh  islamicstate  
BREAKING  German Aid worker kidnapped by  barzani 's son in iraqi  Kurdistan
all anti  Daesh countries know  Erdogan suppo s  ISIS why no one stopping him?  IslamicState  Nusra  Turkey  Syria  
@ _play Turkish army bombing   Kurdish civilians right now in  Sırnak many killed Full vid    
BREAKING Turkish army bombing   Kurdish civilians right now in  Sırnak many killed Full vid    
Erdogan says  Washington protest destroyed my feeling &amp; blames  Armenian secret service (ASALA)  for  DC  protests  
Turkish ‘Ministry promotes ma yrdom to  children in colorful comic strips
YPG  YPJ on the opening first official representative office in Europe ( Prague )
BREAKING  Turkey 's  Erdogan says  Obama spoke 'behind my back' on press freedom LINK --&gt;&gt;:    
BREAKING  Turkey  Erdogan removes al-  Nusra from terror list
Turkey's Erdogan has been ruthless in putting down the threat from a free press.  ISIS  Turkey  Erdogan  FreePress  
Erdogan ’s regime is massacring,insulting  Kurds all over  Turkey  westerns media are silent in  cizre  sur  sirnak   
Turkey even force mountains to be Turks --&gt; Ne mutlu Türküm diyene' =How happy is the one who calls himself a Turk  
Turkish Army forcing  Kurdish boy to write 'Ne mutlu Türküm diyene (How happy is the one who calls himself a Turk)  
Obama warns  Erdogan 's  Turkey headed down troubling path
President  Obama warned that  Erdogan will put  Turkey in a big trouble
turkiyede aslan gibi :) amerika da yalakalik yapan Erdogan :)  amed  diyarbakir  sur  cizre  sirnak  kurds  kurdish  
president  Obama said: '  Turkey will face a big trouble because of  Erdogan 's war against  press &amp;  humanrights :)  
Obama warned : Erdogan 's war against  press,will put  Turkey in a big trouble full video: 
Erdogan to  CNN : 'I'm not at war with press' but my  security can  if ...
BREAKING  kurdish man to ured by  Erdogan 's forces in  Diyarbakir , similar to ISIS  AMED  SUR  CIZRE  Amnesty   
Turkey is key supplier of weapons, military hardware to  ISIS -  Russian envoy to UN ISIL  DAESH  Islamicstate 
Erdogan  security guard attacked,insulted  journalists &amp; protesters in  Washington 
Erdogan ’s security guards clash with journalists &amp; protesters   Washington pa  4
Erdogan 's  security personnel  verbally abusing journalists   &amp;   &amp; members of Amnesty Pa  3  
Erdogan ’s security guards attacked journalists &amp;  Amensty Int members  in  Washington pa  2  amberinzaman  kurds  
Erdogan ’s security guards clash with journalists in  Washington pa  1
video:Erdogan's security guard attacked journalist  AmberinZaman  EmreUslu and many others  
Associated P   Protests Kick-Off  Erdogan 's Visit to  Washington
BREAKING  Erdogan security guard attacked,insulted a female  journalist in  washington dc    BrookingsInst  Brookings 
Erdogan security guard attacked,insulted,&amp; removed female  journalist in  washington dc    BrookingsInst  Brookings 
Erdogan 's security guard attacked,insulted,&amp; removed female journalist in  US 
US security says ok ,  Erdogan security says no , removed repo ers from News room  BrookingsInst  Brookings  USA   
Speech by the  Erdogan descended into violence and chaos Thursday in  US. 4  protesters 3 journalists were injured  
Breaking  Erdogan ‘s security personnel attacked protesters in Washington 3  journaliste and 4  protesters injured  
Protesters not letting  Erdogan to go out from the hotel in  Washington  us  BrookingsInst  Amnesty  kurds  Kurdish  
Breaking,  Protesters walking through to the hotel that  Erdogan stay in  Washington  us  BrookingsInst  Amnesty   
BREAKING Bomb explosion in  Kurdish city  diyarbakir  Turkey 4 Dead &amp; 14 injured  amed  Cizre  sur  Nusaybin  CIZIR  
Republic of  Czech welcomed  Rojava delegation for suppo ing federalism  ypj
Turkish troops 'are killing refugees'  
Turkish minster of justice cry 4  weloveErdogan hash tag,but he don't care about burning  Kurds to death in  cizre   
CNN:  Rojava: A safe haven in  Syria 's brutal war    
Turkey'S  Erdogan released 94  ISIS  terrorists from  Turkish jail  MakeFunOfErdogan  daesh  ISIS  Nusra  ISIL  US  
Here is link for Ebu Hanzala profile on CNN WEB SITE (see the description in English )
why  Obama rejected to meet  Erdogan Yesterday? because  Turkey released 94  ISIS FULL VIDE    
Obama rejects private meeting with  Turkey s  Erdogan  MakeFunOfErdogan
How Washington got  Turkey 's dictator so wrong  
Protest in  US continuing  Terroristerdogan  unwanted man in  America
Protest against  Erdogan 's crime against  humanity just sta ed in US
Obama Must Urge an End to the Onslaught on  Kurds During  Turkish President’s Visit, Says Amnesty International USA   
Join  Amnesty Protest Rally in  WashingtonDC 31.3.2016 To stop  turkish  Erdogan 's Crime against  humanity  Kurds  
Here's our  Erdogan song with English subtitles:  
Here's our  Erdogan song with Turkish subtitles.
İşte türkçe altyazılı Erdoğan şarkımız.  weloveerdogan  
U.S. Authorizes Ordered Depa ure of DoD Dependents from Turkey    erdogan  isis  daesh  ypj  ypg  pkk  kurds  kurd
AMNESTY  USA will hold a  protest outside of the Brookings Institution when   Erdogan speaks March 31 at 11:30 am.
Room for Debate: Turkey Has Been Reckless, Repressive and Unreliable   
turkish government tells  German ambassador to ban  VIDEO satirizing Turkey's  Erdoğan vid:    
ISIS has named a school in  Palmyra   Wahhabi --&gt; the founder of  SaudiArabia  daesh  IslamicState  ISIL  Nusra  
This is Why Erdogan Considers Everyone in Turkey a 'Terrorist':   via  
Turkey Is 'One Step Away' From Dictatorial Powers for Erdogan:   via  
MPs:UK must pressure Turkey to stop ‘shameful’ attacks on Kurds    ERDOGAN  KURDS  KURDISH  pkk  ypg  YPS  AMED  CIZRE
‘Terrorist flow to Europe is  Turkish policy’ &amp; ‘SAS in Libya’ – Jordanian king’s  US briefing leaked    ISIS  Daesh
BREAKING  Turkish police attacks  Kurdish students because of singing kurdish
What is the ‘TAK’ and who are its members?  by  Amed Dicle ANF | Ajansa Nûçeyan a Firatê    cizre   JusticeForKurds
repo  on plight of Turkey' Kurds prompts Russia to appeal to UN    twitterkurds  Kurdistan https:…
BREAKING  Turkey bombing  Kurdish  sırnak Province in south-eastern  Turkey - right now   Kurds  JusticeForKurds  
’s  JusticeForKurds petition garners 10k signatures in matter of days  
hey ez qurbana wi kome te ye  xwar bim :) Ikram balekani , tu her bji lo :) 
EXCLUSIVE :  ISIS ,  oil &amp;  Turkey trade document 
ISIS says I Bombed  Kurdish  HDP Buildings in  Adana  mersin,as  Turkey wanted   
full video :  
Captured  ISIS says :I Bombed  Kurdish  HDP Buildings in  Adana &amp;  mersin,as  Turkey wanted 

Erdogan's  ISIS,suicide bomber   SavasYildiz is alive not dead full video -&gt; 
ISIS,suicide bomber in  IstanbulAttack,  SavasYildiz is alive not dead full vid -&gt; 
wee   
video: Erdogan give  ISIS the green light to attack  Brussels 18.03.2016
@ _com video: Erdogan give  ISIS the green light to attack  Brussels 18.03.2016
@ _com : Erdogan give  ISIS the green light to attack  Brussels 18.03.2016

video: Erdogan give  ISIS the green light to attack  Brussels 18.03.2016
evidence: Erdogan &amp;  ISIS cooperated for  belgiumattack    Bruxelles  brusselsattack  brusselsairpo   ISIL  
deredactie evidence:Erdogan &amp;  ISIS cooperated for  belgiumattack    Bruxelles  brusselsattack  brusselsairpo   
v nieuws
according to this video   Erdogan &amp;  ISIS cooperated  for  belgiumattack   Belgiumairpo   Belgium  ISIL  
@ _com  BREAKING according to these documents  Erdogan and  ISIS cooperated  for  belgiumattack   Belgiumairpo   
@ _com   BREAKING according to these documents  Erdogan and  ISIS cooperated  for  belgiumattack   Belgiumairpo   
BREAKING according to these documents  Erdogan and  ISIS cooperated  for  belgiumattack   Belgiumairpo   Belgium  
2 suicide attack at Brussels airpo  13 dead, 35 injured in Belgium 
ISIS terrorists destroying  motherMary status
Banned journalist, CanDündar Repo ing for banned  kurdish  Newroz in  Diyarbakir  Amed In  Turkey   Newroz2016  HDP   
Isis terrorists destroying Virgin Mary statue,saying that “it is Satan,what we r doing is upon God’s will”  daesh   
Kurdish crackdown: Is Turkey at war with its minority?    ypg  ypj  kurds  kurdish  rojava  kobane  kobani  hpg  pkk
Erdogan &amp;  ISIS Cooperation continuing against  Kurds  -, watches the video till end –English subtitled  Istanbul   
BREAKING  Erdogan ’s police suppo ing  ISIS  terrorist in  ıstanbul ,while arresting  Kurds in  Bakırköy  newroz   
BREAKING  Turkish police attacks  Kurds celebrating  Newroz in  silopi  full video    nevroz  
BREAKING  Turkish police attacks  Kurds celebrating  Newroz ( Kurdish New Year) in  Adana   ıstanbul  IZmir  nevroz  
BREAKING  Erdogan &amp;  ISIS Cooperation in  Istanbul bombing 2 bans d  KurdishNewYear  Celebration in  Turkey  taksim  
@ _play  BREAKING  Erdogan &amp;  ISIS Cooperation in  Istanbul bombing 2 bans d  KurdishNewYear Celebration in  Turkey  
BREAKING  Erdogan &amp;  ISIS Cooperation in  Istanbul bombing 2 bans d  KurdishNewYear  Newroz Celebration in  Turkey  
@ _com  BREAKING  Turkish helicopter bombing  Kurdish Town  Şırnak in southeastern  Turkey  JusticeForKurds  CIZRE  
BREAKING  Turkish helicopter bombing  Kurdish Town  Sırnak in southeastern  Turkey  JusticeForKurds  CIZRE
After  Kurds in  Syria announced Federalism, Turkey sta s negations with Syria - 
5 dramatic videos from Turkey's operation against  Kurds    cizre  sur  diyarbakir  YPS  KURDISH  PKK  KURDISTAN  AMED
In photos: The young Kurdish guerrillas ready to die fighting the Turkish state    
'ISIS slayer' Barry Hall is on the run from police and here's why  
In photos: The young  Kurdish guerrillas fighting the state in southeast  Turkey    JusticeForKurds  Nusaybin  kurds
ClasH between  Turkish police &amp;  Kurdish protesters in  Diyarbakir
caught on tape  Erogan s Army shooting  Kurdish civilians just for fun same way as  ISIS in  Kobane  JusticeForKurds  
JusticeForKurds:  calls on UN to probe Turkey's alleged killing of Kurdish civilians    cizre  sur  diyarbakir  amed
Erdogan 'the wrong ally': Voices rise against Turkish repression of Kurds    JusticeForKurds  cizre  ypg  ypj  sur
Song für  Istanbul &amp;  Kurds :Erdowie, Erdowo,Erdowahn 
UN HUMAN RIGHTS COUNCIL :   JusticeForKurds - WE URGE UNHRC TO INVESTIGATE ALLEGED MASS KILLING OF ...   via  
appeal for help to stop kurdish   genocide 15-1-2016 - pa  2   via JusticeForKurds  cizre
they destroyed many kurdish homes and killed many women and children   via    JusticeForKurds  cizre
Many dead and around 20 injured in Cizre, Turkey 20/1/2016   via JusticeForKurds  cizre 
Breaking:Kurds in Sweden occupy Swedish parliament demanding to put pr...   via    JusticeForKurds  cizre
Many dead and around 20 injured in Cizre, Turkey 20/1/2016   via    JusticeForKurds  cizre 
JusticeForKurds  cizre  First footage from Kurdish town  silopi under Curfew -in Turkey 20-1-2016   via  
appeal for help inside war zone -to stop kurdish genocide  - pa  1   via  
JusticeForKurds  cizre
JusticeForKurds  sur
Army set building on fire ,burning kurds to burning to death, women cont...   via   
Many  kurdish civilians were killed and injured in Cizre Southeast TURKEY   via    JusticeForKurds  cizre
JusticeForKurds  Nusaybin
JusticeForKurds  sur
Breaking  Barzani shut all border crossing
Women's resistance statue in  Kobani  Rojava awarded by  Sulaymaniyah gov --&gt; Kobane  YPJ  
Women's resistance statue in  Kobani  Rojava awarded by the  Sulaymaniyah --&gt; Kobane  YPJ  
BREAKING  Turkish police Shoot &amp; Kill Fleeing  kurdish Civilians -  Diyarbakir
BREAKING  ERDOGAN arrested   British professor  ChrisStephenson - in  Turkey
Russia’s unexpected’military withdrawal from  Syria its sad news 4  Kurds &amp; happy news 4  Erdogan &amp;  ISIS @ _com  
BREAKING   Russian warplanes and military leaving  Syria, SO  Turkey will  increase its attacks on  syrian  Kurds   
BREAKING  Kurdish forces Captured an  American born  ISIS
The  Kurdish Forces captured an  American member of the  IslamicState known as  ISIS  YPG  YPJ  KURDS  KURDISH VIDEO  
Parents remember  ReeceHarding who died fighting Islamic State with news service from battleground  Ypg  YPJ  KURDS  
ANGER missing a family member, after the  ANKARAattack in  Ankara/Turkey 
Ankara bomb attack  footage was posted on YouTube that allegedly shows the moment of the explosion  AnkaraBombing  
Car bombing rocks Turkish capital Ankara, 34 dead, 125 injured 
Hea   breaking video shows Guard coast capsizing the  Syrian  refugee S boat to the sea 12/3/2016    YPG  YPJ  ROJAVA
Turkish Coast Guard is try to capsize  Syrian refugee boat c what happens
Turkish police teargas rally honoring 15yo  BerkinElvan protest  istanbul killed in anti-govt  Gezi protests  HDP  
BREAKING 3 groups of  ISIS entered from Turkey to near  kobani Clash continuing:    ypj  ypg  rojava  kobane  kurds
BREAKING 3 groups of  ISIS entered from  Turkey to  kobani Clash continuing full vid:    YPG  
Chechen  ISIS member:
IslamicState fighter Captured by  Kurdish Female fighters  YPJ see humanity   YPG  ISIL  ISIS  daesh  Aleppo  Kurds  
@ _com  Kurdish female fighters provide emergency treatment for a Captured  ISIS  YPG   Daesh  IslamicState  ISIL  
Kurdish female fighters  YPJ provide emergency treatment for a Captured  ISIS  YPG  AZAZ  Daesh  IslamicState  ISIL  
jihadists used chemical Bomb killed many  Kurds in  syira  full video    aleppo  aleppo  حلب  
BREAKING jihadists used chemical Bomb killed many  Kurds in  Syria full video &gt;    
_English  BREAKING jihadists used chemical Bomb killed many  Kurds in  Syria full video 
_English  BREAKING jihadists used chemical Bomb killed many  Kurds in  Syria full video 
jihadists used chemical Bomb killed many  Kurds in  Syria full video &gt; YPG  
jihadists used chemical Bomb killed many  Kurds in  Syria full video &gt; YPG  
jihadists used chemical Bomb killed many  Kurds in  Syria full video &gt;    
jihadists used chemical Bomb killed many  Kurds in  Syria full video &gt;    
@ _com  jihadists used chemical Bomb killed many  Kurds in  Syria full video &gt; YPG  ISIS  
@ _com  jihadists used chemical Bomb killed many  Kurds in  Syria full video &gt; YPG  ISIS  
BREAKING jihadists used chemical Bomb killed many  Kurds in  Syria full video &gt;    YPG  ISIS  
jihadists used chemical  Bomb in Aleppo , killed many kurds full vid &gt;    ypg   
jihadists used chemical weapons killed many  Kurds In  syria  full video ISIS  
jihadists used chemical weapons killed many  Kurds In  syria  full video ISIS  
jihadists used chemical weapons killed many  Kurds In  syria  full video  ISIS  
jihadists used chemical weapons killed many  Kurds In  syria  full video ISIS  
jihadists used chemical weapons killed many  Kurds In  syria  full video  ISIS  
jihadists used chemical weapons killed many  Kurds In  syria  full video  ISIS  
jihadists used chemical weapons killed many  Kurds In  syria  full video  ISIS  
jihadists used chemical weapon killed many  Kurds In  syria  full  video  ISIS  
@ _com jihadists used chemical weapon killed many  Kurds In  syria  full vid video  ISIS  
@ _com jihadists used chemical weapon killed many  Kurds In  syria  full vid video  ISIS  
@ _com  here is the video :jihadists used chemical Bomb killed many   kurds full video&gt;    
here is the video :jihadists used chemical Bomb killed many   kurds full video&gt;    
here is the video :jihadists used chemical Bomb killed many  kurds full vid &gt;    
here is the video :jihadists used chemical Bomb killed many  kurds full vid &gt;    
Medical personnel from  Kurdish  YPG provides emergency treatment for captured   ISIS Near  Raqqa 9/03/16  YPJ  Azaz  
:)
Breaking jihadists used chemical weapon -killed many  Kurds video -&gt;    ypg  ypj  islamicstate  pkk  Rojava  Aleppo
BREAKING jihadists used chemical weapon - killed many  Kurds In  syria  full vid  &gt;&gt;    ISIS  
Kurds under attack- in aleppo - 34 kurds were killed and 50 injured  ypg  stopwaronkurds  ypj  rojava  afrin --&gt;&gt;   
Bella ciao,çaw bella  Nusaybin  YPS  PKK  HPG  Erdogan   YPJ  Cizre  sur  azaz  Kobane  kobani   Rojava  Kurds  amed   
its my misatke i am sorry , i will repost it again , cuz i cant fixt it now 
Oh Pa isan only way to stop  Turkish  Erdogan to suppo   ISIS
video:bellah Ciao  Nusaybin on the frontline with  PKK fighters in  Turkey by  Telegraph  StopWarOnKurds  azaz  YPG  
London rally condemns  Erdogan ’s ‘war on  Kurds &amp;  BBC  silence    StopWarOnKurds  Azaz  YPG  
1000s of  Kurd &amp; friend protest Turkey's war on  Kurds in London  full vid:
Thousands of Kurds &amp; friends protest Turkey's war on  Kurds in Trafalgar sq  London StopWarOnKurds  uk  kurdish
BREAKING:thousands of  Kurds protesting against  Turkey-  BBC headqua ers    StopWarOnKurds  
Turkish  Erdogan 's Democracy for  Turkey  Here is Kadıköy Istanbul  today 6-3-2016   zaman  HDP  KURDS  kurdish  
BREAKING  Turkey bombing  syrian  Kurds Right now In  Rojava Full video: YPG  AZAZ  Afrin  
BREAKING  Turkish PM asked Iranian  rouhani_ir to help for Normalization Of Relations With  Russia  Erdogan  Kurds  
Protest continue in  Turkey   US criticizes Turkey for crackdown on protesters &amp; media groups  zaman  azaz  YPG  ypj  
:)
BREAKING : US call on  Turkey to respect H.rights ,freedom of Speech &amp; Media outlets  ZAMAN  AZAZ  YPG  YPJ  Kurds   
NATO Should kick out  Turkey ,as  Turkish MIT Transferring Weapons to  ISIS  everyday  AZAZ  YPG  YPJ  DAESH  ISIL   
Cou  orders Turkish Zaman daily into administration, raising concerns of free press abuse   
Kurds captured:
Why is the world so silent about the Turkey's violence against the  Kurds ?!
Time to Say Good-Bye? Storm Clouds Gathering on Erdogan's Horizon -  via    YPG  AZAZ  YPJ  tallabyad  kurd
Turkish journalist calls his release from jail a 'defeat' for Erdogan   via  
Trump Plans on  Kurds &amp; how to defeat  ISIS Full viedo -&gt;    Trump2016  Supe uesday  Kurdish  
DonaldTrump- Plans –regarding the KURDS,&amp; how to defeat ISIS Trump2016 
43 Kurdish YPG fighters killed in Syria in battle with Islamic State   via  
Erdogan does not allow NATO ships entering the territorial waters of Turkey   by   on 
BREAKING  Turkey shelling  Syrian border-20 international  journalists being hit by shell fire  AZAZ  ROJAVA  ISIS  
British airstrikes not doing much against  ISIS in  Syria –defense secretary    ypg  ypj  azaz  kurdish  kurds  rojava
because erdgon is ISIS's god father , border is open for isis all the time   
@ _com   Turkey gives free electronic visa to  ISIS
BREAKING  Turkey gives free electronic visa to  ISIS
@ _com  free  Electronic visa for  ISIS  by  Turkey Captured by  Kurds 10 Passpo s  LINK 
BREAKING free  Electronic visa for  ISIS  by Turkey
@ _com   ISIS &amp;  Nusra  chemical weapons, and bomb factory supplied by  Erdogan VID LINK  
@ _com  ISIS &amp;. Bomb factory supplied by  Erdogan Captured by  Kurds in  Syria  VID LINK 
President Barack Obama: Stop the wasteful and unnecessary depo ation of Ibrahim Parlak! - Sign th...   via  
kuridsh female fighters Captured  ISIS &amp; AL-Nusra's  BOMB FACTORY  in   Syria link -&gt;   ypj  ypg  azaz  pyd  kurd
ISIS &amp; al-nusra Bomb factory supplied by  Erdogan Captured by  Kurds in  Syria  VID LINK 
BREAKING  ISIS &amp;..Bomb factory supplied by  Turkey Captured by  Kurds in  Syria  VID LINK 
video: 100s of  ISIS have entered  TalAbyad from the  Turkey to  Rojava Nth  Syria  ypg link    
100s of  ISIS  entered  TalAbyad from the  Turkey to  Rojava Nth  Syria clash continuing  YPG  Azaz  
@ _com  BREAKING 100s of  ISIS have entered  TelAbyad from the  Turkey to  Rojava Nth   Syria clash continuing  YPG  
@ _com  video  ISIS attacks Syrian Kurdish settlements in  TalAbyad  
Davutoglu the GodFather Of Islamic State, Terrorist exist because Davutoglu Exist, hiding under NATO umbrella.   
BREAKING 100s of  ISIS have entered  TelAbyad from the  Turkish side to  Rojava No h  Syria clash continuing  YPG  
BREAKING hundreds of  ISIS have entered  TalAbyad,  ROJAVA no h Syria  from The Turkish side clash continue ypg 
Erdogan ordered Cuting Off the   imctv Broadcast from air for 2 main reason full repo 
BREAKING:Australian man with Kurdish  YPG  YPJ Commanders captured many  ISIS  full video Azaz
KEKO erdogan full benamose
BREAKING:Australian man with Kurdish  YPG  YPJ Commanders captured many  ISIS  full video    
Kurds rescue Swedish girl from  isis – Interview with 16 years old  Marlin Stivani   via    daesh  islamicstate
Interview with Swedish girl after rescued from  ISIS  IslamicState by  kurds
Hijab equals ‘passive terrorism’ &amp; other strange claims in US policy paper on countering ISIS  
Kurds cry for  Aussie man who tried to rescue  Yazidi women, died for  humanity, AshleyJohnson  rojava   via   
breaking video TURKISH ARMY shooting  kurdish children’s -many injured in  sur –  Diyarbakir  amed
BREAKING VIDEO injured  kurdish women &amp; children's under attack-  Sur   Diyarbakir -Turkey  HDP  AMED    via  
BREAKING Turkey calls for unconditional U.S. suppo  against  Kurdish  YPG    Azaz  YPJ  ISIS  
SDF Continues Advance on Rebel Stronghold Azaz Despite Turkish Shelling:   via  
Troublemakers: Ankara, Riyadh Envision the Creation of New 'Wahhabi Empire':   via   
US, response to  Erdogan s Call,regarding  Kurdish  YPG  in -  Syria 
US, response to  Erdogan s Call,regarding  Kurdish  YPG  YPJ in -  Syria 
full video   US, response to  Erdogan ’s Call,regarding  Kurdish  YPG in  Rojava -  Syria ---&gt;&gt;&gt;  

US, response to  Erdogan ’s Call,regarding  Kurdish  YPG in  ROJAVA-  Syria  AZAZ  YPJ 
US, response to  Erdogan ’s Call,regarding  Kurdish  YPG in  Rojava -  Syria 
United State, response to President Erdogan’s Call, regarding Kurdish YPG in Rojava- Syria – its only 20 second 
Turkish soldiers breaking into a private prope y - in IDIL district of shirnax Kurdish province- Turkey  cizre  sur  
Thousands of armed  ISIS passing Turkish border by bus to  azaz
Thousands of armed  ISIS passing d Turkish border by bus to  Azaz
Thousands of armed  ISIS passing Turkish border by bus to  Azaz  Syria
Thousands of armed  ISIS passing d Turkish border by bus to  Azaz
Thousands of armed  ISIS passing d Turkish border by bus to  Azaz
Thousands of armed  ISIS passing Turkish border by bus to  Azaz  Syria
Thousands of armed  ISIS passing d Turkish border by bus to  Azaz
Thousands of armed  ISIS passing d Turkish border by bus to  Azaz
Thousands of armed  ISIS passing d Turkish border by bus
Thousands of armed  ISIS passing d Turkish border by bus to  Azaz
Thousands of armed  ISIS passing d Turkish border by bus to  Azaz
@ _com Thousands of armed  ISIS passing d Turkish border by bus to  Azaz  Syria
@ _com  Thousands of armed  ISIS passing d Turkish border by bus to  Azaz  Syria
BREAKING Thousands of armed  ISIS passing d Turkish border by bus to  Azaz  Syria
Thousands of   ISIS  Daesh passing Turkish border by bus -19/2/2016   via  
Thousands of isis pass the Turkish border to fight against  Kurds full vid    
1000's of isis &amp; nusra pass the Turkish border to fight against  Kurds full video:    
1000 of isis pass d Turkish border 2 fight against  Kurds full vid:    
@ _com Thousands of isis &amp; nusra pass the Turkish border to fight against  Kurds full vid:    
izan_  Thousands of isis &amp; nusra pass the Turkish border to fight against  Kurds   
@ _com Thousands of isis &amp; nusra pass the Turkish border to fight against  Kurds full vid:    
@ _com Thousands of isis,pass the Turkish border to fight against  Kurds full video: Azaz   
1000 of  isis  pass d Turkish border to fight against  Kurds in   syria  daesh  islamicstate  isil  ypg  azaz  ypj
Thousands of  isis  pass d Turkish border to fight against  Kurds in   syria  daesh  islamicstate  isil  ypg  azaz
Thousands of  ISIS &amp; nusra pass the Turkish border to fight against  Kurds full video:
Thousands of  ISIS &amp;  Jabhat  pass the Turkish border to fight against  Kurds full video repo  --&gt;
Thousands of isis &amp; nusra pass the Turkish border to fight against  Kurds full video:    Azaz  
BREAKING  Erdogan 's Son Arrested for Massive Money Laundering in Italy, Might Go to Jail TURKEY  BilalErdogan 
Isis keep closer eye on enslaved Yazidi women after series of dramatic rescue operations  

full video: American AKIN says: west is not Serious for stopping  Turkey s attack on  Syrian Kurds  
US  Kurdish info network says: west is not Serious for stopping  Turkey s attack on  Syrian  Kurds  YPG    
BREAKING caught on tape Turkish Army delivered weapons to the pa s of  Syria under  IslamicState s Control  isis  
US Senator Black says : Erdogan &amp; Saudia Arabia are 2 must dangerous threat to the world.
US Senator Black says   Turkish  Erdogan &amp;  SaudiArabia are 2 must dangerous threat to the world. Azaz  YPG  YPJ  
Italy investigates Turkish president's son over money laundering case  
Erdogan s Army Transferring  ISIS members via  tunnel from
BREAKING Turkey Has sent 2000 Armed  ISIS members from ISIS training camp in Adana Turkey, to  Azaz , No h  Syria   
BREAKING :  SDF &amp;  YPG  condemning the  AnkaraAttack  in full.Turkish PM is lying
@ _com why  Azaz is so impo ant for  Turkey  Erdogan &amp; the  Kurdish  YPG in  Syria ? we got the answer with proof  
why  Azaz is so impo ant for  Turkey  Erdogan &amp; the  Kurdish  YPG in  Syria ?
video  why  Azaz is so impo ant for  Turkey  Erdogan &amp; the  Kurdish  YPG in  Syria ? ISIS  IslamicState   
video: why  Azaz is so impo ant for  Turkey  Erdogan &amp; the  Kurdish  YPG in  Syria ?   
@ _com video evidence -proof--  why  Azaz is so impo ant for  Turkey  Erdogan &amp; the  Kurdish  YPG in  Syria ?: 
why  Azaz is so impo ant for  Turkey  Erdogan &amp; the  Kurdish  YPG in  Syria ?
'We have proof'  Turkey backs  ISIS &amp; other terrorists –  PKK top commander Murat Karayılan said  daesh  isil
BREAKING  SaudiArabia &amp; Qatar helping  ISIS via Turkey to against  YPG
BREAKING Turkey has shelled Syrian  Kurdish  YPG in Nth Syria for the day 5
pa 2 Turkey has shelled  Syrian  Kurdish  YPG in Nth  Syria for the day 5    
BREAKING CLASH Between Turkish police &amp;  Kurdish protesters  continuing in  Diyarbakir – Happening now
BREAKING Thousands of  Kurds protest in  Kurdish city van,Turkey over Erdogan's Crime against Humanity R now  Cizre   
BREAKING Turkey Bombs  Kurds in  Syria to stop  Kurds liberating No h Syria from  ISIS  IslamicState  Daesh  ISIL  
@ _com  video and photo , turkey killed and  injured many kurds in syria 
@ _com link Turkey shells  Kurdish position in  Syria for 2nd day killed many civilians 
@ _com Turkey shells  Kurdish position in  Syria for 2nd day killed &amp; injure many civilians    
Turkey shells  Kurdish position in  Syria for 2nd day killed many civilians    
Turkey shells  Kurdish position in  Syria for 2nd day killed many civilians    
BREAKING Turkey shells  Kurdish position in  Syria for 2nd day killed many in  rojava video:   
BREAKING Turkey shells  Kurdish position in  Syria for 2nd day killed many in  rojava video:   
BREAKING Turkey shells  Kurdish position in  Syria for 2nd day killed many-  rojava video:    
Turkey wants to stop  Kurds liberating no hern  Syria from  ISIS  DAESH  ISIL  ISLAMICSTATE  YPG  YPJ  PKK  KURDISH  
‘Turkey wants to stop Kurds liberating no hern Syria from ISIS’  

BREAKING :many  KURDS were killed &amp; injured in No h  Syria ,Turkish army bombing  Kurds in  Efrin right now  YPG   
BREAKING  Turkish forces shell  Syrian air base captured by  Kurds, video . 
breaking VIDEO  news: Turkish forces bombing  Syrian  Kurdish  YPG targets happening now  YPJ  KOBANE  PYD  Rojava  
Turkish Armey’s Crime in  Kurdish cities Continuing -  Yüksekova  ( Gever)
LIVE From  cizre ,Erdogan's Army set 3 buildings on fire, burning the Kurdish civilians alive 
BREAKING Trade union –  DISK  workers told Turkish minister to leave with slogans, Murders ,  CizredeKatliamVar 
BREAKING Turkish police shooting  Kurdish civilians – in Southeastern Turkey- caught on tape  CizredeKatliamVar
Turkish police shooting  Kurdish civilians - caught on tape  Turkeyscizremassacre  cizre  Hakkari  
BREAKING Turkish police shooting  Kurdish civilians – in Southeastern Turkey- caught on tape.  Hakkari  cizre  sur  
trade union workers in Turkey- kicked out the Turkish Minister  from general assembly  DISK   Turkeyscizremassacre
trade union general assembly in Turkey- kicked the gov out and welcomed opposition video :   0Yt1RDFH  
BREAKING Trade union –  DISK  workers told Turkish minister to leave with slogans, Murders , murder  Erdogan  cizre   
kurdish civilians burned to death by TURKISH Army in Cizre - southeast T...   via  Turkeyscizremassacre
video:  Kurdish civilians burned to death in  Cizre - Turkey LINK Turkeyscizremassacre  

Leaked Documents: EU Helped Erdogan Win Elections
BREAKING Leaked Documents: EU Helped  Erdogan Win Elections    CIZRE  SUR  Diyarbakir  amed  ypg  pkk  hpg  ypj  kurd
video Turkish  Army set 3 buildings on fire, burning the Kurds alive in  cizre  sur 
LIVE From  cizre ,Erdogan's poh Army set 3 buildings on fire, burning the Kurdish civilians alive in  Cizir   
Turkish Erdogan's Army strip of clothes of a Kurdish girl in  Cizre after killing her.
video:Australia decided to discontinue the case against Jamie Williams - who planned to join Kurdish  YPG   Rojava    
thank you so much for this repo 
BREAKING New video:KURDS MASSACRED in Cizre by Turkish army, 117 dead-  
Kurdish demo turned violent in  Diyarbakir after deadly  Cizre raid. 117 KURDS were killed
pa  5 _  MASSACRED in  Cizre by Turkish army, 117 Kurds were killed 
pa -4 -----117  Kurds in  cizre  were killed by Turkish army
pa  3    TurkeysCizreMassacre Kurds MASSACRED in  Cizre by Turkish army,    sur  cizire 117 dead-   
pa  2 Kurds MASSACRED in  Cizre by Turkish army, 117 dead-    TurkeysCizreMassacre    sur  cizire   
exclusive pa  5   Kurds MASSACRED in  Cizre by Turkish army, 117 dead-  Turkeyscizremassacre  sur  cizire  amed   
exclusive pa  4  Kurds MASSACRED in  Cizre by Turkish army, 117 dead-  Turkeyscizremassacre  sur  cizire  amed   
exclusive pa  3  Kurds MASSACRED in  Cizre by Turkish army, 117 dead-  Turkeyscizremassacre  sur  cizire  amed   
Exclosive :pa  2  Kurds MASSACRED in  Cizre by Turkish army, 117 dead-  Turkeyscizremassacre  sur  cizire  amed   
Exclusive :pa 1  Kurds MASSACRED in  Cizre by Turkish army, 117 dead-  Turkeyscizremassacre  sur  cizire  amed   
Exclusive :MASSACRE IN Kurdish town  Cizre in Turkey- Num of dead reaches 117 pa 1   Turkeyscizremassacre
full video: KURDS MASSACRED in  Cizre by Turkish army, 117 dead- 8-2-2016   Turkeyscizremassacre --&gt;&gt;    
full video: KURDS MASSACRED in  Cizre by Turkish army, 117 dead- 8-2-2016   Turkeyscizremassacre  sur  cizire --&gt;&gt;    
full video :   KURDS MASSACRED in  Cizre by Turkish army, 117 dead- 8-2-2016 VIDEO --&gt;  
full video :   KURDS MASSACRED in  Cizre by Turkish army, 117 dead- 8-2-2016 VIDEO --&gt;  
BREAKING  KURDS MASSACRED in  Cizre by Turkish army, 117 dead- 8-2-2016 VIDEO --&gt;  SUR  CIZIRE  Diyarbakir  amed 
MASSACRE IN Kurdish town  Cizre in  Turkey- Num of dead reaches 117,  Erdogan ’s CRIME Pa  5  sur   
MASSACRE IN Kurdish town  Cizre in  Turkey- Num of dead reaches 117,  Erdogan ’s CRIME Pa 4  sur   
MASSACRE IN Kurdish town  Cizre  in  Turkey- Num of dead reaches 117,  Erdogan ’s CRIME Pa  3  sur   
MASSACRE IN Kurdish town  Cizre  in  Turkey- Num of dead reaches 117,  Erdogan ’s CRIME Pa  2  sur   
Exclusive :MASSACRE IN Kurdish town  Cizre in southeaster Turkey- Num of dead reaches 117,  Erdogan ’s CRIME Pa 5   
Exclusive :MASSACRE IN Kurdish town  Cizre in southeaster Turkey- Num of dead reaches 117,  Erdogan ’s CRIME Pa  4   
Exclusive :MASSACRE IN Kurdish town  Cizre in southeaster Turkey- Num of dead reaches 117,  Erdogan ’s CRIME Pa  3   
Exclusive :MASSACRE IN Kurdish town  Cizre in southeaster Turkey- Num of dead reaches 117,  Erdogan ’s CRIME Pa 2   
Exclusive :MASSACRE IN Kurdish town  Cizre in southeaster Turkey- Num of dead reaches 117,  Erdogan ’s CRIME Pa 1   
BREAKING Barzani forces shooting Protesters who demand to close Turkish military base in  Iraqi Kurdistan
barzani forces shooting Protesters who want to close down the Turkish military base in  Iraqi  Kurdistan
-FULL VIDEO  Barzani forces shooting Protesters who demand to close Turkish military base in  ERBIL
FULL VIDEO  Barzani forces shooting Protesters who demand to close Turkish military base in  ERBIL
BREAKING : Barzani forces shooting Protesters who demand to close Turkish military base in  Iraqi  Kurdistan  CIZRE
barzani forces shooting Protesters who want to close down the Turkish military base in  Iraqi  Kurdistan
barzani forces shooting Protesters who want to close down the Turkish military base in  Iraqi  Kurdistan right now  
barzani forces shooting Protesters who want to close down the Turkish military basement in  Erbil pa 3  cizre  sur  
barzani forces shooting Protesters who want to close down the Turkish military basement in  Erbil pa 2  cizre  sur  
barzani police shooting civilians who wants to close down Turkish military base in Iraqi Kurdistan  
barzani forces shooting Protesters who want to close down the Turkish military basement in  Erbil  
barzani forces shooting Protesters who want to close down the Turkish military basement in  Erbil  Iraqi  Kurdistan  
BBC News-  Ecuador protests to Turkey over  Erdogan speech scuffle-10 civilians include MP injured AsesinoErdogan
a woman protest John Kerry by screaming &amp; saying:
izan_ full video - Erdogan guard broke the nose of lawmaker in  Ecuador &amp; beat 3 WOMEN   cizre -&gt;  
full video Erdogan guard broke the nose of lawmaker in  Ecuador &amp; beat 3 WOMEN pa  8  cizre -&gt;  
full video Erdogan guard broke the nose of lawmaker in  Ecuador &amp; beat 3 WOMEN pa  8  cizre -&gt;  
full video Erdogan guard broke the nose of lawmaker in  Ecuador &amp; beat 3 WOMEN pa  8  cizre -&gt;  
full video
full video
Erdogan guard broke the nose of lawmaker in  Ecuador &amp; beat 3 WOMEN pa  8   cizre  sur  
Erdogan guard broke the nose of lawmaker in  Ecuador &amp; beat 3 WOMEN pa  7  cizre  sur  
Turkish  Erdogan guard broke the nose of lawmaker in  Ecuador &amp; beat 3 WOMEN pa  6  cizre  sur  
Turkish  Erdogan guard broke the nose of lawmaker in  Ecuador &amp; beat 3 WOMEN pa  5  cizre  sur  
Turkish  Erdogan guard broke the nose of lawmaker in  Ecuador &amp; beat 3 WOMEN pa 4  cizre  sur  
Turkish  Erdogan guard broke the nose of lawmaker in  Ecuador &amp; beat 3 WOMEN pa 3  cizre  sur  
Turkish  Erdogan guard broke the nose of lawmaker in  Ecuador &amp; beat 3 WOMEN pa 2   cizre  sur  
EXCLUSIVE  Turkish  Erdogan guard broke the nose of lawmaker in  Ecuador &amp; beat 3 WOMEN see all pa s in comment  
EXCLUSIVE Turkish  Erdogan S  guard broke the nose of lawmaker in  Ecuador &amp; beat 3 WOMEN cizre  sur  diyarbakir
last pa 
pa 6
pa 5
pa 4
pa 3
pa 2
BREAKING : Kurds protesting Turkish prime minster in London
Tree has been piled high with flowers to commemorate 33 ma yrs in Amara  Suruc after 7 month  ISIS bomb attack  YPG  
BREAKING  Turkey planning military invasion in  Kurdish zone in  Syria -  Russian military said   rojava  ypg  YPJ  
United Nation  UN Urging Turkey to investigate shooting of  Kurdish Civilians in Town  Cizre
pa  4 United Nation Urging  Turkey to investigate shooting of  Kurdish Civilians in Town   Cizre  
pa  3 United Nation Urging  Turkey to investigate shooting of  Kurdish Civilians in Town   Cizre  
pa  2 United Nation Urging  Turkey to investigate shooting of  Kurdish Civilians in Town   Cizre  
pa 4 -  UnitedNation Urging  Turkey to investigate shooting of  Kurdish Civilians in  Town  Cizre  
pa 3 -  UnitedNation Urging  Turkey to investigate shooting of  Kurdish Civilians in  Town  Cizre  
pa 2 -  UnitedNation Urging  Turkey to investigate shooting of  Kurdish Civilians in  Town  Cizre  
United Nation Urging Turkey to investigate shooting of Kurdish Civilians in   Cizre 4 another 2 pa s see comments  
The West Must Stop Giving Turkey a Free Pass. My take in the New York Times  
Suppo  Yazidis please read this and sign petition    twitterkurds  …
jailed  journalists : revealed the truth about President  Erdogan and  Syria.For that, he had me jailed |  CanDündar   
video : turkish police attacked kurds in Nusaybin -270 arrested, 2 dead , many i...   via  cizre  sur  silopi  hdp 
Death toll rises among  Kurds trapped in Turkey’s southeastern  Cizre district amid gov crackdown  sur  silopi  amed  
‘Turkey has gone rogue, UN Security Council must get involved’ 
BREAKING news -270  Kurdish civilians were arrested in  Nusaybin -  Mardin  Turkey -many killed and injured  Cizre  
BREAKING news -270  Kurdish civilians were arrested in  Nusaybin -  Mardin  Turkey -many killed and injured  Cizre  
US official visits  Kobane - Rojava
pa 2  Kurdish female  journalists kidnapped by  Turkish Army in kurdish town Diyarbakir- Turkey  
video shows: Kurdish female  journalists kidnapped by  Turkish Army in kurdish town Diyarbakir- Turkey  Cizre  sur  
BREAKING Turkish army commander after killed 28 kurdish civilians in  Cizre,set  kurdish flag on fire  Barzani  krg   
U.N. rights boss urges Turkey to probe shooting by security forces sur  cizre  silopi  silvan  kurdish  kurd  amed
full link video : hundreds of civilians were killed in KURDISH town  Cizre in south-east Turkey   
Hundreds OF KURDS have killed and injured in  cizre south est turkey sur   cizreunderattack   TwitterStorm  amed
100's OF KURDS have died &amp;1000's injured IN Turkey
:100's OF KURDS have died &amp;1000's injured IN Turkey
BREAKING:100's OF KURDS have died &amp;thousands injured IN Turkey
ser cawan rezdar
Turkish erdogan's Crime against kurdish civilians full story
full stroy in youtube
here is the full link    
Turkish Erdogan's Crime against  kurdish civilians 4 full story see 11 pa s in here pa  9  cizre  
Turkish Erdogan's Crime against  kurdish civilians 4 full story see 11 pa s in here pa  8  cizre  
Turkish Erdogan's Crime against  kurdish civilians 4 full story see 11 pa s in here pa  7  cizre  
Turkish Erdogan's Crime against  kurdish civilians 4 full story see 11 pa s in here pa  6  cizre  
Turkish Erdogan's Crime against  kurdish civilians 4 full story see 11 pa s in here pa  5  cizre  
Turkish Erdogan's Crime against  kurdish civilians 4 full story see 11 pa s in here pa  4  cizre  
Turkish Erdogan's Crime against  kurdish civilians 4 full story see 11 pa s in here pa  3  cizre  
Turkish Erdogan's Crime against  kurdish civilians 4 full story see 11 pa s in here pa  2  cizre  
Turkish Erdogan's Crime against  kurdish civilians 4 full story see 11 pa s in here pa  1  cizre  
Turkish Erdogan's Crime against  kurdish civilians 4 full story see 11 pa s in comment section of this video  cizre  
BREAKING this young  kurdish girl ,has been shot by  Turkish police 4 days ago ,she is still in the st urgent help   
BREAKING 6 injured civilians executed by Turkish army this morning In  cizre – Protest continuing near  cizire  sur  
BREAKING Turkish police attacked Kurds near cizre - they walking cizre but police response is highly tough
BREAKING Tough police attack on  Kurds who wants to walk   cizre southeast  Turkey
BREAKING Hundreds of  Kurds flee southeast  Turkey warzone as 23 killed
@ _com
BREAKING the  Turkish man who killed  Russian pilot in Syria he is in Turkey now  to get his Award from Erodgan  
@ _com Video shows  Turkish Train carrying war tanks and weapons,delivered to  ISIS in  Syria  IslamicState   ISIL    
Video shows  Turkish Train carrying war tanks and weapons,delivered to  ISIS in  Syria  ISIL  Daesh   
Video shows  Turkish Train carrying war tanks and weapons,delivered to  ISIS in  Syria 
Video shows  Turkish Train carrying war tanks and weapons,delivered to  isis in  Syria   silopi  sur  cizre  Kurdish   
Video shows  Turkish Train carrying war tanks and weapons,delivered to  ISIS in  Syria 
Turkish police killed kurdish boy &amp; left his body near Mt pa  2
Turkish police beating  Kurdish boy to death by weapon &amp; left his body near Mt -plz watch pa  2 in comment section  
BREAKING injured kurdish girl after 3 days still in street in   Cizre - please Help  sur  silopi  Kurds in turkey   
On Behalf of Kurdish Civilians in Turkey please sign the  petition
@ _com  BREAKING  TURKISH JETS bombed  Kurdish civilians,many killed &amp; injured in  Cizre  pa 1  sur  silopi   
BREAKING  TURKISH JETS bombed  Kurdish civilians,many killed &amp; injured in  Cizre  sur  silopi plz help   
BREAKING  TURKISH JETS bombed  Kurdish civilians,many killed &amp; injured in  Cizre  pa 1  sur   
Turkish Army bombed kurdish civilians in Cizre - south eastern TRUKEY  
BREAKING  kurds bombed  ISIS Sharia Cou ,in Jarablus ni Turkish border 
full video Turkish jets  bombed kurdish civilians, many civilians killed &amp; injured in  Cizre 
esiannesi full repo  bombed kurdish civilians, many civilians killed &amp; injured in  Cizre  sur  silop  KURDS 
TURKISH JETS bombed  Kurdish civilians,many killed &amp; injured in  Cizre  pa  6 -last pa    
TURKISH JETS bombed  Kurdish civilians,many killed &amp; injured in  Cizre  pa  5   
BREAKING  TURKISH JETS bombed  Kurdish civilians,many killed &amp; injured in  Cizre  pa  4   
BREAKING  TURKISH JETS bombed  Kurdish civilians,many killed &amp; injured in  Cizre  pa  3   
BREAKING  TURKISH JETS bombed  Kurdish civilians,many killed &amp; injured in  Cizre  pa  2  sur   
BREAKING  TURKISH JETS bombed  Kurdish civilians,many killed &amp; injured in  Cizre  pa 1  sur  silopi  Diyarbakir   
BREAKING VIDEO :Army jets, bombed kurdish civilians, many civilians killed &amp; injured in  Cizre  sur  silop  KURDS 
member of Turkish parliament  in the war appealing for help full video-&gt;&gt;
member Turkish parliament who is stuck in the war zone appealing for help full video-&gt;&gt;
member Turkish parliament who is stuck in the war zone with injured kurd appealing for help full video-&gt;&gt;
member Turkish parliament who is stuck in the war zone appealing for help full video-&gt;&gt;
BREAKING VIDEO:member of the Turkish parliament stuck in war with 25 injured appeal 4 help  
BREAKING member of d Turkish parliament stuck in war with 25 injured appeal 4 help  
BREAKING VIDEO:member of the Turkish parliament stuck in war zone  with 25 injured appealing  4 help   
BREAKING VIDEO:member of the Turkish parliament stuck in war with 25 injured appealing  4 help   
BREAKING VIDEO:member of the Turkish parliament stuck in war zone  with 25 injured appealing  4 help   
BREAKING VIDEO:member of the Turkish parliament stuck in war zone  with 25 injured appealing  4 help   
BREAKING VIDEO:member of the Turkish parliament stuck in war zone with 25 injured appealing 4 help   
BREAKING VIDEO:member of the Turkish parliament stuck in war with 25 injured appeal 4 help  
BREAKING VIDEO:member of the Turkish parliament stuck in war with 25 injured appeal 4 help  
@ _com  BREAKING VIDEO:member of the Turkish parliament stuck in war with 25 injured appeal 4 help  
BREAKING member of d Turkish parliament stuck in war with 25 injured appeal 4 help    
BREAKING VIDEO:member of the Turkish parliament stuck in war with 25 injured appeal 4 help  
Appealing for help from TURKISH MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT FULL video LINK    
member Turkish parliament who is stuck in the war zone appealing for help full video-&gt;&gt;
member Turkish parliament who is stuck in the war zone appealing for help full video-&gt;&gt;
BREAKING VIDEO:member of the Turkish parliament stuck in war with 25 injured appeal 4 help VMO2
BREAKING  kurdish member of   Turkish Parliament Appealing for help, with 25 injure...   
BREAKING Turkish police clashes with  Kurdish protesters in  Istanbul
BREAKING Update from  Cizre :Killed 11 injured 43 -injured p still on the st Turkish army not letting to go clinic  
Turkish special forces shot Melek Apaydın &amp; her child while having breakfast, they killed all family in  sur Turkey   
BREAKING  Turkish Army bombing  Kurdish civilians in  Cizre in southeastern  Turkey y many killed and injured  kurd  
exclusive ! First footage of  Turkish planes bombing  Kurdish Town  cizire in Southeastern  Turkey  sur  silopi  
@ _com  exclusive ! First footage of  Turkish planes bombing  Kurdish Town  cizire in Southeastern  Turkey  sur  
@ _com  exclusive ! First footage of  Turkish planes bombing  Kurdish Town  cizire in Southeastern  Turkey  sur  
@ _com  exclusive  First footage of  Turkish planes bombing  Kurdish Town  cizire    Turkey    
exclusive ! First footage of  Turkish planes bombing  Kurdish Town  cizire in Southeastern  Turkey  sur  silopi  
BREAKING  BreakingNews  Turkey  bombing kurdish Town  Cizre
TURKEY BOMBING KURDISH Town  Cizre  cizrehalkıdimdikayakta
BREAKING   Turkey Bombing  Kurdish TOWN  Cizre many Civilians were killed,dead body is everywhere -plz share pa 1   
thank you so much for sharing , its big help , 
Insulting, killing &amp; arresting Kurdish Civilians Continues in  Turkey MR  joebiden  sur  Obama  Cizre  silopi  kurds   
Mem of d EU  parliament criticize  Eu Union for suppo ing  Turkey to bombing  Kurds Also said Turkey suppo   ISIS  
please feel free  to copy all video , special thanks from Kurdish people for   &amp;    workers  , for repo ing about kurds 
BREAKING  Kurdish Protest in front of  Turkish Consulate in Bordeaux France
BREAKING  Turkish Army opens fire on  Kurdish civilians between
Plz watch this man’s 2 face video:Smile to the world &amp; Crime in Kurdish Region
Plz watch this man’s 2 face video:Smile to the world &amp; Crime in Kurdish Region
BREAKING 7 Killed &amp; 29 Injured In Kurdish TOWN -  Cizre .Turkish
BREAKING  Turkish army Bombing  kurdish homes by helicopter in  cizire - HAPPENING NOW LIVE ON KURDISH TV CHANNEL  
: When it comes to the Kurds the world is silent!  Obama  CNN  BBC SUR  SILOPI  Cizre  Cizire  
The West is betraying the Kurds and allowing them to be massacred by Erdogan   sur  Cizre  Silopi  
BREAKING video shows the moment That  Turkish army killing   Kurdish civilians in  sur &amp;  cizire –Turkey 22-1-2016  
Kurdish genocide continues in  Turkey,Today is day 54 that curfew imposed in towns  SUR  Cizre  Silopi translated   
shame on  CNN &amp;  BBC  Kurdish journalist,during live broad,he dropped ,his camera kept rolling 
shame on U  CNN &amp;  BBC YOU R ignoring  Kurdish genocide in  Turkey Turkish army killing civilians  
shame on  CNN &amp;  BBC :Turkish police shot Kurdish journalist,during live broad,he dropped ,his camera kept rolling 
shame on U  CNN &amp;  BBC -U R  ignoring  Kurdish genocide in Turkey,Turkish army Killing many civilians in  Cizire   
shame on U  CNN &amp;  BBC U R - ignoring  Kurdish genocide in Turkey,Turkish tanks killing civilians -GIRL ASKING HELP 
shame on U  CNN &amp;  BBC - ignoring  Kurdish genocide in Turkey,14 yo girl cry &amp; asking for help to stop Turkish crime 
shame on YOU  CNN &amp;  BBC -YOU are  ignoring  Kurdish genocide in Turkey,Turkish Tanks SHOOTING &amp; KILLING Civilians 
shame on U  CNN &amp;  BBC - ignoring  Kurdish genocide in Turkey,11 yo girl cry &amp; asking for help to stop Turkish crime 
BREAKING : Turkey shoots down another  Russian jet in No h  syria
Turkey's most wanted: VICE News meets PKK leader Cemil Bayik   via  
BREAKING: NoamChomsky responds to Erdogan &amp; SAYS   TayyipErdogan a   murderer   and killer  silopi  sur  Cizre  amed   
shame on U  CNN &amp;  BBC YOU R ignoring  Kurdish genocide in  TURKEY- WE SENT 20 video 2 U In 24h   sur  silopi  Cizre  
shame on U  CNN &amp;  BBC YOU R ignoring  Kurdish genocide in  TURKEY- WE SENT 20 video 2 U In 24h   sur  silopi  Cizre  
shame on U  CNN &amp;  BBC YOU R ignoring  Kurdish genocide in  TURKEY- WE SENT 20 video 2 U In 24h   sur  silopi  Cizre  
shame on U  CNN &amp;  BBC YOU R ignoring  Kurdish genocide in  TURKEY- WE SENT 20 video 2 U In 24h   sur  silopi  Cizre  
shame on U  CNN &amp;  BBC YOU R ignoring  Kurdish genocide in  TURKEY- WE SENT 20 video 2 U In 24h   sur  silopi  Cizre  
shame on U  CNN &amp;  BBC YOU R ignoring  Kurdish genocide in  TURKEY- WE SENT 20 video 2 U In 24h   sur  silopi  Cizre  
shame on U  CNN &amp;  BBC YOU R ignoring  Kurdish genocide in  TURKEY- WE SENT 20 video 2 U In 24h   sur  silopi  Cizre  
shame on U  CNN &amp;  BBC YOU R ignoring  Kurdish genocide in  TURKEY- WE SENT 20 video 2 U In 24h   sur  silopi  Cizre  
shame on U  CNN &amp;  BBC YOU R ignoring  Kurdish genocide in  TURKEY- WE SENT 20 video 2 U In 24h   sur  silopi  Cizre  
shame on U  CNN &amp;  BBC YOU R ignoring  Kurdish genocide in  TURKEY- WE SENT 20 video 2 U In 24h   sur  silopi  Cizre  
shame on U  CNN &amp;  BBC YOU R ignoring  Kurdish genocide in  TURKEY- WE SENT 20 video 2 U In 24h   sur  silopi  Cizre  
shame on U  CNN &amp;  BBC YOU R ignoring  Kurdish genocide in  TURKEY- WE SENT 20 video 2 U In 24h   sur  silopi  Cizre  
shame on U  CNN &amp;  BBC YOU R ignoring  Kurdish genocide in  TURKEY- WE SENT 20 video 2 U In 24h   sur  silopi  Cizre  
shame on U  CNN &amp;  BBC u R ignoring kurdish genocide in  TURKEY- WE SENT 20 video 2 YOU In 24h   sur  silopi  Cizre  
shame on U CNN &amp; BBC YOU ARE ignoring kurdish genocide in TURKEY- WE SENT 20 video 2 YOU In 24h   sur  silopi  Cizre  
shame on CNN &amp; BBC ignoring kurdish genocide in TURKEY- I SENT 20 VIDEO TO CNN AND BBC 24 HOURS  sur  silopi  Cizre  
shame on CNN &amp; BBC ignoring kurdish genocide in TURKEY- I SENT 20 VIDEO TO CNN AND BBC 24 HOURS  sur  silopi  Cizre  
BREAKING German people call on  Turkish PM  davutoglu   War criminal    not welcoming him &amp; asking him to leave  Sur   
Left pic is  ISIS Situation in Turkey,Right is  Kurdish - shame on CNN &amp; BBC's silence on kurdish genocide in Turkey   
BREAKING:Turkish Army bombing,destroying kurdish houses caught on Tape in kurdish city Turkey  cizire  silopi  sur   
BREAKING Turkish police shot Kurdish journalist,during live broad,he dropped 2 d ground,his camera kept rolling :(   
BREAKING: Turkish Army shooting  kurdish Civilians Rec by the  imctv Cameraman who has been shot as well  Silopi  
Amnesty accuses Turkey of 'collective punishment' in Kurdish southeast    
BREAKING:  Kurds in Sweden occupy Swedish parliament -demanding to stop kurdish genocide  in Turkey  
situation has gone worse kurdish cites in Southeaster Turkey-
BREAKING Turkish army shooting Kurds in Şırnak’s Cizre district many civilians were killed R now  Şırnak  cizire  
BREAKING Turkish army shooting Kurds in Şırnak’s Cizre district many civilians were killed R now  Şırnak  cizire  
Hea breaking photos from  Kurdish cites in  Turkey , Many civilians were killed 
BREAKING TURKISH ARMY bombing kurdish town  cizire in southeaster Turkey  right now   silopi  amed  sur  Diyarbakir  
BREAKING EU-Turkey €3 billion migrant deal blocked by Italy
BREAKING Turkish army &amp; police insulting &amp; killing kurdish women &amp; Dragging her dead body across the street
BREAKING video Turkish red crescent transferring weapons to  Isis copy  immediately
BREAKING video Turkish red crescent transferring weapons to  Isis  copy urgently
ISIS exist  because turkey suppo  , True Reason Behind   Turkey’s  Kurdish Crackdown 
BREAKING oda tv repo s  will be hug protest to against Turkish prime minister in Germany
BREAKING situation has worse in  's  KURDISH REGIONS- Independent repo s -  silopi  
11 YEAR OLD KURDISH  BOY face 13 years jail in turkey, under anti terror law, just because he was protesting erdogan   
Turkey's toxic national culture of intolerance and censorship    silvan  silopi  sur  cizire
THIS  Kurdish boy's father executed by  Turkish police In southeaster  Turkey he ASKING 4 help to stop Turkish crime  
@ arabic EXCLUSIVE:video :Turkish Red cross transpo ing weapons to  ISIS&amp; other terrorist organisation in  syria    
@ _com EXCLUSIVE:video :Turkish Red cross transpo ing weapons to  ISIS&amp; other terrorist organisation in  syria    
EXCLUSIVE: video :Turkish Red cross transpo ing weapons to  ISIS&amp; other terrorist organi 
EXCLOSIVE:Trukish Red cross transpoo ing weapons to  ISIS &amp; other terorist organisati in  syria  islamicstate    
Turkey's Erdogan files $32k lawsuit against opposition leader who called him a 'dictator'  
BREAKING video Clash between kurdish protesters &amp; TURKISH POLICE Continuing in Turkey 
Breaking: Turkish army destroy Kurdish civilians buildings buildings  killed many video ---&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;   sur  cizire
Breaking KURDS In London BLOCK TURKISH PRIME-MINSTER CONVOY   v  sur  silopi  cizire  AhmetDavutoğlu  kurdish  kurds
BREAKING: video  Turkish army destroy  Kurdish civilians buildings any killed    sur  silopi  cizire  diyarbakir
Exclusive : vido shows turkish Army collapsed the building over  Kurdish civilians &amp; killed them all   via  
Exclusive : Turkish Army collapsed the building over  Kurdish civilians and kill them all
BREAKING Turkish Army collapsed the building over Kurdish civilians in  cizire full repo  
BREAKING VIDEO  Turkish Army collapsed the building over  kurds &amp; kill them all   
BREAKING VIDEO  Turkish Army collapsed the building over  kurds &amp; kill them all   
@ _russian  BREAKING VIDEO  Turkish Army collapsed the building over  kurds &amp; kill them all   
BREAKING VIDEO  Turkish Army collapsed the building over  kurds &amp; kill them all   
BREAKING VIDEO  Turkish Army collapsed the building over  kurds &amp; kill them all   
BREAKING VIDEO  Turkish Army collapsed the building over  kurds &amp; kill them all   
BREAKING VIDEO  Turkish Army collapsed the building over  kurds &amp; kill them all   
VIDEO TURKISH ARMY KILLING KURDISH CIVILIANS   
BREAKING VIDEO  Turkish Army collapsed the building over  kurds &amp; kill them all  sur  Cizre
BREAKING VIDEO  Turkish Army collapsed the building over  kurds &amp; kill them all  silopi  sur  Cizre  twitterkurds
BREAKING VIDEO  Turkish Army collapsed the building over   Kurdish civilians &amp; kill them all  silopi  sur  Cizre
izan_  VIDEO SHOWS that the  Turkish Army collapsed the building over   Kurdish civilians &amp; kill them all   
izan_VIDEO SHOWS that the  Turkish Army collapsed the building over injured  Kurdish civilians&amp;kill them all  
SHOWS that the  Turkish Army collapsed the building over injured  Kurdish civilians &amp; kill them all   
VIDEO SHOWS that the  Turkish Army collapsed the building over  Kurdish civilians &amp; kill them all   
VIDEO SHOWS that the  Turkish Army collapsed the building over   Kurdish civilians &amp; kill them all   
VIDEO SHOWS that the  Turkish Army collapsed the building over injured  Kurdish civilians &amp; kill them all   
VIDEO SHOWS that the  Turkish Army collapsed the building over injured kurdish civilians &amp; kill them all   
@ _com  BREAKING VIDEO SHOWS that the  Turkish Army collapsed the building over injured  kurds &amp; kill them all   
@ arabic  BREAKING VIDEO SHOWS that the  Turkish Army collapsed the building over injured  Kurds &amp; kill them all   
BREAKING VIDEO SHOWS that the  Turkish Army collapsed the building over injured  kurds &amp; kill them all   
BREAKING VIDEO SHOWS that the  Turkish Army collapsed the building over  Kurdish civilians &amp; kill them all   
BREAKING VIDEO SHOWS that the  Turkish Army collapsed the building over injured  Kurdish civilians &amp; kill them all   
BREAKING VIDEO :  Kurds Under attack  Turkish army shooting civilians -many dead -&gt;  
BREAKING VIDEO :  Kurds Under attack  Turkish army shooting civilians -many dead  silopi   sur  Cizre --&gt;  
BREAKING VIDEO :  Kurds Under attack  Turkish army shooting civilians -many dead  silopi   sur  Cizre --&gt;  
BREAKING VIDEO :  Kurds Under attack  Turkish army shooting civilians -many dead  silopi   sur  Cizre --&gt;  
BREAKING VIDEO :  Kurds Under attack  Turkish army shooting civilians -many dead  silopi   sur  Cizre --&gt;  
BREAKING VIDEO :  Kurds Under attack  Turkish army shooting civilians -many dead  sur  Cizre --&gt;  
VIDEO :  Kurds Under attack  Turkish army shooting civilians -many dead  silopi   sur  Cizre --&gt;  
@ arabic  BREAKING VIDEO :  Kurds Under attack  Turkish army shooting civilians -many dead  silopi   sur  Cizre --&gt;  
@ _com  BREAKING VIDEO :  Kurds Under attack  Turkish army shooting civilians -many dead  silopi   sur  Cizre --&gt;  
BREAKING VIDEO :  Kurds Under attack - Happening now -
Kurds Under attack -Turkish army shooting kurdish civilians  -Happening ...   via  
as  BREAKING Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey , secretly filmed  from war zone 15-1-2015   
BREAKING VIDEO  Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey,secretly filmed  from war zone -15-1-2015    HDP  demi aş 
BREAKING VIDEO  Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey , secretly filmed  from war zone -15-1-2015   
BREAKING VIDEO  Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey , secretly filmed  from war zone -15-1-2015   
BREAKING VIDEO  Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey , secretly filmed  from war zone -15-1-2015   
BREAKING VIDEO  Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey , secretly filmed  from war zone -15-1-2015   
BREAKING VIDEO  Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey , secretly filmed  from war zone -15-1-2015   
BREAKING VIDEO  Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey , secretly filmed  from war zone -15-1-2015   
forCNN   BREAKING VIDEO  Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey , secretly filmed  from war zone -15-1-2015   
BREAKING VIDEO  Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey , secretly filmed  from war zone -15-1-2015   
BREAKING VIDEO  Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey , secretly filmed  from war zone -15-1-2015   
@ arabic   BREAKING VIDEO  Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey , secretly filmed  from war zone -15-1-2015   
@ _com  BREAKING VIDEO  Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey , secretly filmed  from war zone -15-1-2015   
BREAKING Hundreds of Kurds Killed in Turkey, secretly filmed  from war zone - 15-... SUR  CIZIRE  AMED  SILOPI 
BREAKING news Hea breaking Open letter from 14 yo  Kurdish girl in  Sur,  Diyarbakir-  Turkey to the World    
Exclusive video  secretly films  Kurds life under  curfew in  Turkey shows many dead -&gt;    
Exclusive video  secretly films  Kurds life under  curfew in  Turkey 100s dead more then 1000 injured 3700 arrested   
Hea breaking  video by 14 yo  Kurdish girl from war zone in Turkey---&gt;&gt;    
Hea breaking  video by 14 yo  Kurdish girl from war zone in Turkey---&gt;&gt;    
Hea breaking  video by 14 yo  Kurdish girl from war zone in Turkey---&gt;&gt;    
Hea breaking video by 14 year old  Kurdish girl from war zone in Turkey    
BREAKING Hea breaking  video by 14 year old  Kurdish girl from war zone in  Turkey LINK  
BREAKING Hea breaking  video by 14 year old  Kurdish girl from war zone in  Turkey LINK    
Breaking Erdogan arrested  25 professors and freed 25000 his Joh Terrorist for killing  kurds in  southeast  Turkey  
BREAKING  DHIA NEWS Agency repo ed ,hundreds of kurdish homes are set on fire by Turkish police &amp; army in  cizire   
Name list  BREAKING  Turkish police arrested 25 professors  over the petition against crackdown on  Kurds in  Turkey  
BREAKING   Turkish police arrested 25 professors  over the petition against crackdown on  Kurds in  Turkey  
Turkey’s Kurds Accuse EU of Turning Blind Eye    video  Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in Turkey  
ExclusiveNews VIDEO shows Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo ed  war zone 
@ _com  ExclusiveNews VIDEO shows Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo ed war zone   
ExclusiveNews VIDEO shows Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo ed  war zone   
ExclusiveNews VIDEO shows Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo ed  from war zone   
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of Kurds Killed inTurkey,repo  from war zone   
Hea breaking video by 14 year old  Kurdish girl from war zone in  TURKEY   
Amnesty issues Urgent Action on Curfews in Turkey  sur  cizre  amed  diyarbakir   silopi link -&gt;    kurdish  kurdistan
ali   esiannesi Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone   
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone   
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone   
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone   
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone   
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of Kurds Killed inTurkey,repo  from war zone   
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone   
VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone   
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone   
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone   
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone   
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone   
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone   
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone   
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone   
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone   
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone 
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone   
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone   
Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,special repo  from war zone   
@ _com Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of  Kurds Killed in  Turkey ,repo  from war zone   
@ _com Exclusive VIDEO:Hundreds of Kurds Killed in Turkey,special repo  from war zone   
@ arabic VIDEO  Hundreds of Kurds Killed in Turkey, exclusive repo  from war zone   
VIDEO  Hundreds of Kurds Killed in Turkey, exclusive repo  by  from war zone   
Hundreds of Kurds Killed in Turkey, exclusive repo  by 14 yo girl from war zone   
Hundreds of Kurds Killed in Turkey, exclusive repo  by 14 yo girl from war zone   
@ _com  BREAKING Hundreds of Kurds Killed in Turkey,exclusive repo  by14 yo girl-war zone  
BREAKING Hundreds of Kurds Killed in Turkey, exclusive repo  by 14 yo girl from war zone   
Hundreds of Kurds Killed in Turkey, exclusive repo  by 14 year old girl...  SUR  TURKEY  CIZIRE   
Hea breaking video by 14 year old  Kurdish girl war zone in  Turkey LINK
Hea breaking video Repo  by 14 year old  Kurdish girl - war zone in  Turkey
@ _com  Hea breaking video Repo  by 14 year old  Kurdish girl - war zone in  Turkey
@ _com Hea breaking video Repo  by 14 year old  Kurdish girl from war zone in  Turkey
izan_ Hea breaking video Repo  by 14 year old  Kurdish girl - war zone in  Turkey
izan_ Hea breaking video Repo  by 14 year old  Kurdish girl -  war zone in  Turkey
Hea breaking video by 14 year old  Kurdish girl from war zone in Turkey LINK 
BREAKING Hea breaking video by 14 year old  Kurdish girl from war zone in  Turkey LINK
Breaking Hea breaking video by 14 year old  Kurdish girl from war zone in  TURKEY  SILOPI  Cizire  sur  video link  
BREAKING Amnesty calls for urgent action against curfews in   Turkey
@ _com  BREAKING 25  Turkish Tanks shooting  Kurdish civilian in  Yüksekova dead body is every where happening now   
25 Turkish tanks shooting  kurdish civilian many dead  in  YUKSEKOVA   via  
BREAKING 25  Turkish Tanks shooting  Kurdish civilian in  Yüksekova many killed    Istanbul  Sultanahmet  
BREAKING  25  Turkish Tanks shooting  Kurdish civilian in  Yüksekova dead body is every where    gever  
BREAKING video  25  Turkish Tanks shooting  Kurdish civilian in  Yüksekova dead body is everywhere  
BREAKING 25  Turkish Tanks shooting  Kurdish civilian in  Yüksekova dead body is every where -happening now  
@ _com  BREAKING 25  Turkish Tanks shooting  Kurdish civilian in  Yüksekova dead body is every where - right now  
BREAKING 25  Turkish Tanks shooting  Kurdish civilian in  Yüksekova dead body is every where happening now   gever  
BREAKING VIDEO  Turkey killed 219  Kurdish Civ,the black Wreath in front of Turkish Embassy 
BREAKING video  Kurdish dead Reached 219 in  Turkey-Protesters left Black wreath front of  Turkish embassy London   
BREAKING  Kurdish dead Reached 219 in  Turkey-Protesters left  Black wreath in front of Turkish embassy in London   
BREAKING Turkish army's Attack continuing in kurdish Town  silopi number of dead reached 71  Cizre  VandaKatliamVar  
BREAKING Twitter sues  Turkey over fine for not removing  Kurdish content
ABU  Erdogan El Turki'  IN just one year , fired 774 journalists &amp; jailed 156  in  Turkey 
Welcome to Abu  Erdogan El Turki's Country,774 journalists fired, 156 in detained in  Turkey 
@ _com  BREAKING VIDEO  SITUATION GONE WORSE IN  Turkey- after 12 kurd executed by Turkey    
BREAKING VIDEO  SITUATION GONE WORSE IN Turkey - after 12 kurd executed by  Turkey  LINK    
BREAKING News  VIDEO ,clash between  Kurds &amp;  Turkish police continuing after execution of 12 student  VAN  WAN 
breaking video   van: kurdish protesters clash with  Turkish police over execuation   of 12 ...  VandaKatliamVar
video:Protest  in  van - document found that  Turkey executed 12  Kurds VandaKatliamVar  
@ _com  Turkish police attacked  Kurdish protesters In the city of  Van - prot against mass execution of 12 youths  
BREAKING  Turkish police attacked  kurdish civilian in the city of  wan  Van southeast  Turkey - happening now  
@ _com  BREAKING VIDEO  kurds clash with police,Demanding to end economy with turkey 
@ _com    BREAKING VIDEO   kurds clash with police,Demanding to end economy relationship with Turkey   
.  Kurds protest Europe wide at silence of media and politicians to Turkey's onslaught in Kurdish cities.  
@ arabic  BREAKING VIDEO document found that Turkey executed twelve young  Kurdish men link    
@ _com  BREAKING VIDEO document found that  Turkey executed twelve young  Kurdish men link 
BREAKING VIDEO document found that  Turkey executed twelve young  Kurdish  men  VAN link 
BREAKING VIDEO document found that  Turkish regime executed twelve 12 young  Kurdish  men  VAN  WAN  link   via
video Thousands of  Iraqis Clash with POLICE ,to end economic Relat with  Turkey 
video Thousands of  Iraqis Clash with POLICE ,to end economic Relations with  Turkey 
video Thousands of  Iraqis Clash with POLICE ,to end economic Relations with  Turkey 
@ _com video Thousands of  Iraqis Clash with POLICE ,to end economic Relations with  Turkey 
@ _com video Thousands of  Iraqis Clash with POLICE ,to end economic Relations with  Turkey 
video Thousands of  Iraqis Clash with POLICE ,to end economic Relations with  Turkey 
video Thousands of  Iraqis Clash with POLICE ,to end economic Re with  Turkey 
video Thousands of  Iraqis Clash with POLICE ,to end economic relationship with Turkey 
@ arabic video Thousands of  Iraqis  Kurds Clash WITH POLICE to end economic RE  wit Turkey    
@ _com video Thousands of  Iraqis  Kurds Clash WITH POLICE protest against  Turkey Curfew    
@ _com  BREAKING Thousands of Iraqi  Kurds Clash WITH POLICE protest against  Turkey Curfew    
BREAKING VIDEO   kurds clash with police,Demanding to end economy relationship with Turkey 
BREAKING Thousands of  iraq i  kurds  clash with police , Demanding to end economy relationship with  Turkey   via 
BREAKING  YPG  Kurdish forces has arrested a  Turkman suicide Bomber,he is a mem of TURKISH Intelligence ser  ISIS   
BREAKING Urgent Call from  Turkey  HumanRights Rights Organizations 2 the International Com    
BREAKING Urgent Call from  Turkey  HumanRights Organizations to the International Community  sur  silopi  cizire -&gt;  
BREAKING  HDP Beyoğlu In  Istanbul under attack
Salihli de dağlık alanda OGM yazısı yerine büyük harflerle PKK diye yazılmış. Yazanların eline sağlık  
BREAKING  ISIS fighter 'shot dead own mother in public execution' -
Sheikh Abu Hitler Al Istanbuli, he is president of NATO member country  Erdogan  silopi  Cizre  cizire  Sur  Erdogan   
BREAKING 3 KURDISH politician executed  by Turkish army by 19 bullets, each , The autopsy repo  confirmed  silopi   
BREAKING  Turkey bombing  Kurdish City  SUR  Diyarbakir  Right now
The Implications of Turkey’s Renewed War on the Kurds | Armenian Weekly  
BREAKING  VIDEO  kurdish vs  isis - Teshrim Dam syria  - 100 meter away from each other  ISLAMICSTATE    via  
BREAKING video 250  kurds killed in  Turke   Kurdish Protesters  occupied British con ink    
BREAKING 250  kurds killed in  Turkey,  Kurdish Protesters Have occupied British  sur  silopi  amed  link Con...   
BREAKING  Turkish police use rubber pellets to disperse   Kurdish demonstrator in Turkey  
BREAKING  Turkish riot police use rubber pellets to disperse  Kurdish demonstrator in  istanbul  diyarbakir link   
BREAKING  Turkish Army Attacking  Kurdish  BDP political pa y headqua ers RIGHT NOW  Kurdistan  Diyarbakır  amed  
Güneydoğu'da hak, hukuk kalmadı  sur  silopi  amed  YPS  hdg-h  kurdish  link   
Kurds flee city as war crosses into  Turkey  sur  silopi  Diyarbakir  cizre  kurdish  link 
@ _com  BREAKING VIDEO Thousands of  ISIS Suppo er  attacked a Christmas tree  dohuk LINK 
@ _com  BREAKING VIDEO Thousands of  ISIS Suppo er  attacked a Christmas tree  LINK 
BREAKING VIDEO Thousands of  ISIS Suppo er  attacked a Christmas tree  
BREAKING VIDEO Thousands of  ISIS Suppo er  attacked a Christmas tree  LINK 
BREAKING VIDEO Thousands of  ISIS Suppo er  attacked a Christmas tree  
BREAKING VIDEO Thousands of  ISIS Suppo er  attacked a Christmas tree    
BREAKING VIDEO Thousands of  ISIS Suppo er  attacked a Christmas tree  dohuk  iraq LINK   
BREAKING VIDEO Thousands of  ISIS Suppo er  attacked a Christmas tree LINK 
BREAKING VIDEO Thousands of  ISIS Suppo er  attacked a Christmas tree  dohuk  iraq LINK 
BREAKING video Thousands of  ISI Suppo er attacks a Christmas tree link 
@ arabic  BREAKING video Thousands of  ISI Suppo er attacks a Christmas tree link 
BREAKING video Thousands of  ISI Suppo er attacks a Christmas tree link 
@ _com  BREAKING video Thousands of  ISI Suppo er attacks a Christmas tree link 
BREAKING video Thousands of  ISI Suppo er attacks a Christmas tree link 
BREAKING video Thousands of  ISI Suppo er attacks a Christmas tree link 
BREAKING video Thousands of  ISI Suppo er attacks a Christmas tree link 
BREAKING video Thousands of  ISI Suppo er attacks a Christmas tree Christmas 
BREAKING video Thousands of  ISI Suppo er attacks a Christmas tree Christmas 
BREAKING video Thousands of  ISI Suppo er attacks a Christmas tree  Christmas attack    
BREAKING Thousands of  ISIS  Muslim Suppo er  attacked a Christmas tree  dohuk  iraq  Christmas attack video   
Adele has been accused of 'stealing' a Kurdish singer's song from 1985  
THIS IS NOT A JOKE!
BREAKIN video  Turkey bombing Kurdish civilians under curfew, many dead &amp; injured   
video Kurds Under attack in TURKEY- 100 Dead, 250 injured 24-12-2015 **new video *    
YPG /  SDF operation to wipe out  ISIS from southern  Kobani still ongoing. Some older clips included in this clip. htt…
video, kurds Under attack in  Turkey  cizre 100 dead , 250 injured video link 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey,hundreds have been killed ,new video 
BREAKING video :American  Kurdish information network says : Turkey is committing genocide   
video  Turkish military convoy entered to the  Kurdish town,7dead &amp;25 injured 
BREAKING:   Turkish military convoy entered to the  Kurdish town,7 dead &amp; 25 wounded - link   
BREAKING video    Turkish military convoy entered to the  Kurdish town,7 dead &amp; 25 wounded - link   
@

Turkish Police crime Against  Kurds in South est Turkey,Kurds Under attack in Turkey  Diyarbakir  sur  cizre  silop   
Front page  
BREAKING Captured Documents in Arabic/translated Prove  Turkish intelligence suppo  for  ISIS  IslamicState  
right now in  Turkey: Kurdish people under attack and killing , but  turks celebrating new year  Diyarbakir  Cizre   
BREAKING news :Turkish Hitler  TayyibErdogan has ordered to sentence  selahattindemi aş  hdp co chairman to jail  
İki Türkiye -2016'ya girerken: Doğu’da ölüm ve korku, Batı’da sevinç ve eğlence 
Devlet Cizre'yi tank atışları ile yıkmaya çalışıyor 
New video -  berxwedan  xweş  doze -  şoreşa  Bakur
berxwedan xweş doze - şoreşa bakur , *NEW* 
amed  silopi  cizre  diyarbakir  wan  Sur  kurdistan  kurdish  twitterkurds  hpg  YPG  kobane  kobani ydg-h  Kurd  
VIDEO  TURKISH police clash with Kurdish protesters In Diyarbakir  31-12-2015    
VIDEO  TURKISH police clash with Kurdish protesters In Diyarbakir  31-12-2015  
VIDEO  TURKISH police clash with Kurdish protesters In Diyarbakir  31-12-2015    
BREAKING VIDEO  TURKISH police clash with Kurdish protesters In Diyarbakir  31-12-2015    
@ _com  BREAKING VIDEO   TURKISH police clash with Kurdish protesters In r  31-12- 2015    
BREAKING VIDEO   TURKISH police clash with Kurdish protesters In 31-12- 2015    
BREAKING VIDEO   TURKISH police clash with Kurdish protesters In  31-12- 2015    
BREAKING VIDEO   TURKISH police clash with Kurdish protesters In Diyarbakir  31-12- 2015    
BREAKING VIDEO   TURKISH police clash with Kurdish protesters In Diyarbakir  31-12- 2015  
5-  PKK have published a video of captured Turkish regime troops in Kurdistan.  Turkey    dilerim via…
Dozens killed, wounded in multiple suicide bombings in Kurdish-controlled Syrian city —   News   
'No human rights policy discount for Turkey' declares German human rights commissioner  
BREAKING video  Turkey bombing  Kurdish civilians under curfew, many dead &amp; injure 
BREAKING video  Turkey bombing  Kurdish civilians many dead &amp; injured video link 
BREAKING video  Turkey bombing  Kurdish civilians many dead &amp; injured video link 
BREAKING video  Turkey bombing   Kurdish civilians many dead &amp; injured video link 
BREAKING :children &amp; animals sta  dying from hunger &amp; army shooting -  28 day curfew in  Kurdish towns in  Turkey  
BREAKING :children &amp; animals sta  dying from hunger &amp; army shooting -  28 day curfew in  Kurdish towns in  Turkey  
BREAKING :children &amp; animals sta  dying from hunger &amp; army shooting -  28 day curfew in  Kurdish towns in  Turkey  
BREAKING :children &amp; animals sta  dying from hunger &amp; army shooting  28 day curfew in  Kurdish towns in  Turkey  
BREAKING :children &amp; animals sta  dying from hunger &amp; army shooting  28 day curfew in  Kurdish towns in  Turkey  
BREAKING :children &amp; animals sta  dying from hunger &amp; army shooting  28 day curfew in  Kurdish towns in  Turkey  
BREAKING video  Turkey bombing  Kurdish civilians many dead &amp; injured  TwitterKurd link -&gt;    
BREAKING video  Turkey bombing  Kurdish civilians many dead &amp; injured  TwitterKurdistan    
BREAKING news : video  Turkey bombing  Kurdish civilians, many dead &amp; injured 
@ _com  BREAKING news : video  Turkey bombing  Kurdish civilians , many dead &amp; injured 
@ _com  BREAKING news : video  Turkey bombing  Kurdish civilians , many dead &amp; injured 
@ _com  BREAKING news : video  Turkey bombing  Kurdish civilians , many dead &amp; injured 
BREAKING news : video  Turkey bombing  Kurdish civilians, many dead &amp; injured 
BREAKING news : video  Turkey bombing  Kurdish civilians , many dead &amp; injured 
BREAKING news : video  Turkey bombing  Kurdish civilians , many dead &amp; injured 
BREAKING news : video  Turkey bombing  Kurdish civilians, many dead &amp; injured 
BREAKING video  Turkey bombing  Kurdish civilians , many dead &amp; injured link 
BREAKING video  Turkey bombing  Kurdish civilians under curfew, many dead &amp; injured 
video  Turkey bombing  Kurdish civilians under curfew, many dead &amp; injured 
@ _com  BREAKING: video  Turkey bombing  Kurdish civilians under curfew,many dead &amp; injured 
@ _com  BREAKING news : video  Turkey bombing  Kurdish civilians under curfew, many dead &amp; injured   
BREAKING news : video  Turkey bombing  Kurdish civilians under curfew, many dead &amp; injured 
BREAKING: Turkey bombing Kurdish civilians under curfew, many dead &amp; injured    
BREAKING: Turkey attacks Kurds ,7 dead many injured ,New video ,29-12-2015   via   
BREAKING  Turkish police use tear gas, water cannon against  Kurdish protesters video : 
:American  Kurdish information network says : Turkey is committing genocide   
in this video , no one from batman , its only army shooting civilian thats all , 7 dead and 25   
dead people from cizre , cizre is under attack right now include silopi,sur, sirnak full video    
BREAKING: Turkish military convoy entered to the  Kurdish town,7 dead &amp; 25 inj link 
Turkish military convoy entered to the  Kurdish town,7 dead &amp; 25 wounde  link 
BREAKING:   Turkish military convoy entered to the  Kurdish town,7 dead &amp; 25 wounded - link   
BREAKING:  Turkish military convoy entered to the  Kurdish town,7 dead &amp; 25  - link 
Turkish military convoy entered to the  Kurdish town,7 dead &amp; 25 wounded - link 
: Turkish military convoy entered to the  Kurdish town,7 dead &amp; 25 injur video 
cizre
@ _com  BREAKING:  Turkish military convoy entered to the  Kurdish town,7 dead &amp; 25 video  
BREAKING:  Turkish military convoy entered to the  Kurdish town,7 dead &amp;25 video 
BREAKING:   Turkish military convoy entered to the  Kurdish town,7 dead &amp; 25 wounded - link 
BREAKING video   Turkey Attacks  Kurds,7 dead &amp; 25 injured ,  silopi  sur  cezire  amed  diyarbakir new video link    
BREAKING NEWS Anti  ISIS/  Syrian filmmaker  NajiJerf shot dead by  Turkish Intelligence services MIT In  Turkey  
BREAKING News video   ISIS  IslamicState training camps found in  Turkey  Erdogan link--&gt;    
BREAKING video :American  Kurdish  network says: Turkey is committing genocide    
BREAKING video :American  Kurdish info network says : Turkey is committing genocide 
BREAKING video :American  Kurdish info network says : Turkey is committing genocide 
@ arabic  BREAKING video :American  Kurdish network says : Turkey is committing genocide 
BREAKING video :American  Kurdish  network says : Turkey is committing genocide 
BREAKING video :American  Kurdish network says : Turkey is committing genocide 
@ _com  BREAKING video :American  Kurdish  network says : Turkey is committing genocide 
breaking video :  Kurds Under attack in  TURKEY- 100 Dead, 250 injured   
Hea   Breaking VIDEO :18 +  Kurdish  YPG forces found a lady chained by  ISIS inside a tunnel  IslamicState but :(  
BREAKING video :American  Kurdish information network says : Turkey is committing genocide 
BREAKING video :American  Kurdish information network says : Turkey is committing genocide 
BREAKING :American  Kurdish information network says :Turkey is committing genocide in Kurdish cities in  Turkey  
Breaking video Street-fighting between  Kurdish Protesters &amp;  Turkish police in  Turkey  Silopi  Cizire  sur New  
BreakingNews  KURDISH  YPG, YPJ &amp;  QSD Captured 13 Member of ISIS in  kobani&amp; one of them is an  ISIS top commander   

BREAKING Clashes in Şırnak between  Turkish police and  Kurdish protesters is continuing 25-12-2015  Amed  Cizre  
Evidence reveals Turkish regime affair with ISIS as global threat – Iraqi militia to   —   News  
BreakingNews video, kurds Under attack in  Turkey  cizre 100 dead , 250 injured 
BreakingNews one off the  ISIS top commander captured by kurdish  YPG FORCES IN  Rojava (  Kurdish zone  Syria )  
@ _com  BREAKING Kurds under attack, IN Turkey, 100 dead , 250 injured  new video ideo 
BREAKING  Kurds under attack,100  have been killed 250 injured in  Turkey 24- 12- 2015 new video   
BREAKING Kurds under attack,100  kurds have been killed  250 injured in  Turkey 24- 12- 2015 new video   
BREAKING Kurds under attack,100  kurds have been killed  250 injured in  Turkey 24- 12- 2015 new video   
BREAKING Kurds under attack,100  kurds have been killed  250 injured in  Turkey 24- 12- 2015 new video   
BREAKING Kurds under attack,100  kurds have been killed  250 injured in  Turkey 24- 12- 2015 new video   
@ arabic  BREAKING Kurds under attack,100  kurds have been killed  250 injured in  Turkey 24- 12- 2015 new video   
BREAKING Kurds under attack,100  kurds have been killed  250 injured in  Turkey 24- 12- 2015 new video   
BREAKING Kurds under attack,100  kurds have been killed  250 injured in  Turkey 24- 12- 2015 new video   
BREAKING Kurds under attack,100  kurds have been killed  250 injured in  Turkey 24- 12- 2015 new video   
BREAKING Kurds under attack,100  kurds have been killed  250 injured in  Turkey 24- 12- 2015 new video   
BREAKING Kurds under attack,100  kurds have been killed  250 injured in  Turkey 24- 12- 2015 new video   
Kurds under attack,100  kurds have been killed  250 injured in  Turkey 24- 12- 2015 new video   
Kurds under attack ,100  kurds have been killed  250 injured in  Turkey 24- 12- 2015 new video   
Kurds under attack ,100 - killed  250 injured in  Turkey 24- 12- 2015 new video 
@ _com  Breaking  :Kurds under attack ,100  kurds have been killed  250 injured in  Turkey 24- 12- 2015 new video   
Breaking news video:Kurds under attack ,100  kurds have been killed  250 injured  in  Turkey 24- 12- 2015 **new***   
Turkey faces younger Kurdish foes as conflict enters cities- 100  Kurdish people have died
Hea breaking:A family of Kurdish people(women &amp; children) getting beaten by  ISIS terrorist group  IslamicState  
BREAKING : Kurdish boy died in his father arms-after shot by  Turkish police  silopi  link    
BREAKING : Kurdish boy died in his father arms-after shot by  Turkish police  silopi  link    
Breaking news video :Kurdish boy died in his father arm- after shot by Turkish police  silopi  kurdish  turkey link  
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey,hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey,hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey,hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey,hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey,hundreds have been killed,new video 
Are under attack in  Turkey,hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
@ _com Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
@ _America Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
@ arabic Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey, hundreds have been killed ,new video 
Kurds Are under attack in  Turkey , hundreds have been killed ,new video 22-12-15 
Kurds r under attack in  Turkey,hundreds H been killed , silopi  cizre new video  
Kurds r under attack in  Turkey hundreds have been killed,dead bodies r everywhere-new video  silopi  cizire  sur   
Hea breaking letter from a 14 yo  Kurdish  girl under  siege of  Turkey army link    
Hea breaking letter from a 14 yo  Kurdish  girl under  siege of  Turkey army link    
Brother of  YPG freedom fighter  ReeceHarding wants to go to  Syria as a doctor link:    ypj  
Hea breaking letter from 14 y Kurdi girl under siege of Turkish army
Hea breaking vide letter from 14 yo Kurdish girl under siege of Turkish army link:   
Hea breaking  letter from 14 y Kurdish girl under siege of Turkish army
Hea breaking vide letter from 14 yo Kurdish girl under siege of Turkish army
Hea breaking letter from 14 yo Kurdish girl under siege of Turkish army
Hea breaking video letter from 14 yo Kurdish girl under siege of Turkish army
Hea breaking letter from 14 yo Kurdish girl under siege of Turkish army
Hea breaking video letter from 14 yo Kurdish girl under siege of Turkish army
@ arabic Hea breaking vid letter from 14 yo Kurdish girl under siege of Turkish army
@ _com Hea breaking video letter from 14 yo Kurdish girl under siege of Turkish army
Hea breaking letter to the world from a 14 yo  Kurdish  girl -under  siege of  Turkish army-  sur  amed  silopi  
BREAKING thare are more than 20  Kurdish civilians were killed by  Turkish police,in  Cizre  TwitterKurds  PKK  HPG   
BREAKING  Turkish police killing  Kurds in  Cizre – thare are more than 20 civilians dead
Turkish police removed 150  HDP sing &amp; replaced with Turkish flag -kurds Under attack in  Turkey  pkk  hpg  kurdish  
Kurdish  HDP pa y Under attack in  Turkey. Turkish police removed 150 HDP sing &amp; replaced with Turkish flag  PKK  
BREAKING  Cizire under attacak-  Turkish police killing  Kurdish civilian in cizire  Turkey  cizredekatliamvar  pkk  
BREAKING: Kurdish man To ured by  Turkish police &amp; also police wanted him to kiss  ataturk Statue  PKK  YPG  HPG  
BREAKING: Kurdish man To ured by  Turkish police &amp; also police wanted him to kiss  ataturk Statue  PKK  YPG  HPG  
US embassy in  Turkey condemns  Erdogan's suppo er attack on  Hurriyet Newspaper
BREAKING  Turkish police killing  Kurdish civilian&amp; destroying homes in  Cizre southeast  Turkey  cizredekatliamvar  
Video shows  Turkish police killing  American woman at  Istanbul Airpo  
@ _com Video shows  Turkish police killing  American woman at  Istanbul Airpo  video  Link    
BREAKING Video shows   Turkish police killing  American woman @  Istanbul Airpo 
BREAKING Video shows 12  Turkish police killing  American woman at  Istanbul Airpo 
American woman was killed by 12 Turkish police at Istanbul airpo    via  
BREAKING: Kurdish biggest city Under attack of  Turkish army, Erdogan declared 3 days a curfew in  Diyarbakir  PKK   
BREAKING: Kurdish biggest city Under attack of  Turkish army, Erdogan declared 3 days a curfew in  Diyarbakir  PKK   
BREAKING  Turkish  Erdogan declared 3 days a curfew in  Diyarbakir , biggest  Kurdish city in  Turkey  TwitterKurds   
5-  BREAKING: Turkish Army sends weapons to  ISIS via  Akçakale border- documented by  Bugün newspaper  ISIL1/9/2015  
5-  BREAKING: Turkish Army sends weapons to  ISIS via  Akçakale border- documented by  Bugün newspaper  ISIL1/9/2015  
4-  BREAKING: Turkish Army sends weapons to  ISIS via  Akçakale border- documented by  Bugün newspaper  ISIL1/9/2015  
3-  BREAKING: Turkish Army sends weapons to  ISIS via  Akçakale border- documented by  Bugün newspaper  ISIL1/9/2015  
2-  BREAKING: Turkish Army sends weapons to  ISIS via  Akçakale border- documented by  Bugün newspaper  ISIL1/9/2015  
1-  BREAKING: Turkish Army sends weapons to  ISIS via  Akçakale border- documented by  Bugün newspaper  ISIL1/9/2015  
BREAKING: Turkish Army sending weapons to  ISIS via  Akçakale border- documented by  Bugün newspaper  ISIL 1/9/2015  
BREAKING: Turkish Army sending weapons to  ISIS via  Akçakale border- documented by  Bugün newspaper  ISIL 1/9/2015  
BREAKING: Turkish Army sending weapons to  ISIS via  Akçakale border- documented by  Bugün newspaper  ISIL 1/9/2015  
BREAKING: Turkish Army sending weapons to  ISIS via  Akçakale border- documented by  Bugün newspaper  ISIL 1/9/2015  
BREAKING: Turkish Army sending weapons to  ISIS via  Akçakale border- documented by  Bugün newspaper  ISIL 1/9/2015  
BREAKING: Turkish Army sending weapons to  ISIS via  Akçakale border- documented by  Bugün newspaper  ISIL 1/9/2015  
bugun newspaper is pa  of Ipek holding
BREAKING: Turkish Army sending weapons to  ISIS via  Akçakale border- documented by  Bugün newspaper  ISIL 1/9/2015  
BREAKING: Turkish Army sending weapons to  ISIS via  Akçakale border- documented by  Bugün newspaper  ISIL 1/9/2015  
BREAKING: Turkish Army sending weapons to  ISIS via  Akçakale border- documented by  Bugün newspaper  ISIL 1/9/2015  
yes its correct , that was our mistake , thank  you 
thank you
BREAKING :2  American journalists ( vice news) 1  Dutch  journalist arrested by  Turkish police in  diyarbakir  pkk  
ere :)
the Independent :VIDEO SHOWS 25  TURKS attacking 1  Irish tourist in  Istanbul  turkey
Young  Kurds take up arms as clashes increase in south-east  Turkey link  
The brutal killing of a  Kurdish female fighter has enraged women's rights groups:
From  van /  wan to  Hopa
FULL VIDEO
That video of the mulleted  Irish tourist who held his own against an armed  Istanbul mob now going viral in  turkey  
BREAKING  ISIS group's leader asks to marry the  Turkish Pres  Erdoğan's daughter Link:
BREAKING  Kurdish prisoner  Behruz  Alakhani Executed by  Iranian regime
BREAKING  Kurdish prisoner  Behruz  Alakhani Executed by  Iranian regime in this morning
BREAKING arresting,killing &amp;insulting  Kurdish civilians in SE  Turkey is continuing by  Turkish army  semdinli  PKK   
BREAKING Killing,to uring &amp;bombing  Kurdish civilians in SE  Turkey is continuing by  Turkish army  semdinli  PKK   
BREAKING  Turkish army attacking  Kurdish civilian in the city of  semdinli,in southeast  Turkey 11 dead  pkk  Va o   
BREAKING  HDP branch in  Kırşehir -  Turkey Under attack,police helping attackers  HPG  PKK  YPG  ekinvan  Silvan   
BREAKING  KURDISH  HDP branch in  Kırşehir -  Turkey Under attack,police helps attackers  HDPlile akiplesiyor  PKK   
The Ministry of Justice in  Turkey Has sent letter to the Interpol for capturing  PKK TOP COMMANDERS IN  qandil :) :)  
Yazidis young man killed by  ISIS in  sinjar His dog stayed with him until it died LINK:    
The .economist: Erdogan ’s dangerous gambit -  kurds -free zone in  Syria by  Turkey  
Turkiye de cenazeler kan gölüne de kan  Erdogan Düğün da göbek atıyor  hakkari  Silvan  va o  pkk  hpg  amed  YPG  
utanç verici kareler   Turkiye de cenazeler  kan gölüne de kan  Erdogan Düğün da göbek atıyor
AKP suppo  not happy with the  de facto president with many more powers  
عاجل:البرلمان العراقي يجمع تواقيع وادلة تتهم البارزاني في سقوط شنكال تسليمها داعش الارهابي
Iraq gov sending   barzani to the criminal cou  regarding  Yazidis &amp; connection with  ISIS in  Mosul  
BREAKING  Iraq gov sending mesud  barzani to the criminal cou  regarding  Yazidis &amp; connection with  ISIS in  Mosul  
BREAKING: Ağrı under Heavy attack, Iğdır- beyazit Highway Rd &amp; Ağrı-Korhan Rd been cut off by  Turkish Army   
BREAKING: kurds in  Ağrı under attack, Iğdır- beyazit Highway Rd &amp; Ağrı-Korhan Rd been cut off by  Turkish Army  YPG   
BREAKING A naked  Kurdish woman - protesting  Turkey - in front of  Sweden parliament  pkk  YPJ  YPG  Va o  ekinvan  
Clear msg from  Kobane to  turkish  Erdogan :STOP HELPING  ISIS Ur dream not gone come true  pkk  HPG  YPJ  ISIL  
Kobane :msg For No1 Enemy of  Rojava, Erdogan No2 Enemy of ROJAVA , ISIS -bji  kobani  firefundkobane  YPG  PKK  ypj   
video: 2 FACE of  Erdogan , Before and After election (in  Turkish Language) 
video shows: Turkish Army to uring &amp; killing soldiers With the  Kurdish background    
video shows: Turkish Army chief to uring &amp; killing soldiers With  Kurdish background
Turkish Erdogan 's  crimes against humanity
Turkish Erdogan 's  ISIS in  Syria destroys ancient monastery in Syria with bulldozers
pentagon Chief :warn  Turkey to stop helping  ISIS LINK
Images from a training camp where PKK fighters prepare to fight Islamic State militants    
BREAKING Hea breaking this  Kurdish lady’s Husband &amp; children’s were killed by  Turkish police in front of her eyes   mnkOO0y
66 Year old  Arab lady (Kîfah khalil) from  Aleppo  Syria joined  Kurdish  YPG to fight against  IslamicState  ISIS  
BREAKING US says: ISIS Using  Turkeys borders to transfer fighters &amp;Weapons in  Iraq &amp;  syria    
Turkish President  Erdogan 's Advisor will appear on  German cou  because of  spying 
yes , that's what he said 
Another funeral: Crowd is screaming 'murderer Erdogan'    Turkey  TwitterKurds
Thank you so much for sharing that/Muchas gracias por compa ir que  
BREAKING  Facebook Removed  Kurdish  YPG Pages &amp; flag because of  Turkish gov requested
What   Learned While Embedded With Kurdish Forces Fighting the Islamic State    
Met w HDP leader Mr Demi as from Turkey. I agree with him: the violence must stop &amp; peace negotiations be resumed htt…
VIDEO  Diyarbakir  Turkish  Erdogan Police raises  Turkish flag r with Islamic chant,gunfire 
PKK fighters prepare to attack  ISIS-but  Turkey  bombing PKK &amp; stopping PKK
Turkey ordered its airforce to bomb  PKK , it was expected to have  ISIS in its sights. 
ISIS destroyed the ancient Catholic Monastery of Mar Elian in  Qaryatayn,  Homs  Syria  IslamicState   oVt 
BREAKING: KURDISH  HDP branch in  Bursa -  Turkey,Under attack,police helping attackers  HDPlile akiplesiyor  PKK   
BREAKING  Turkish warplanes bombs  kurdish  PKK targets in  qandil mountain Right now   TwitterKurds  YPG  
BREAKING  Turkish warplanes bombing  kurdish  PKK targets in  qandil mountain  Right now  PKK  YPG  
BREAKING  Turkish warplanes bombs  kurdish  PKK targets in  qandil mountain IN  IRAQ Right now  HPG  SILVAN  Va o  
BREAKING  kurdish city  Hakkari Mayor ( Dilek  Hatipoğlu) badly to ured &amp; arrested by  Turkish police  PKK  
BREAKING  kurdish city  Hakkari Mayor ( Dilek  Hatipoğlu) badly to ured &amp; arrested by  Turkish police  TwitterKurds  
VIDEO  Hollywood STAR  MichaelEnright singing  Kurdish -On the Front line against  ISIS    YPG  
Energy Minister of  Turkey : A police officer's voting 4  HDP is not democracy!  TwitterKurds    
Turkish army bombing those  Yazidi women,which taking up arms against ISIS 
BREAKING  Turkish army bombing those  Yazidi women,which taking up arms against  ISIS link-&gt; 
Berlin: Anti- AKP graffiti sprayed on a Turkish cultural center that is funded by the Turkish state.  Germany  
The young women fighters taking revenge against IS. Tonight we get EXCLUSIVE access to a PKK training camp  
Turkey :Crimes against Humanity 2015    KURD  KURDISH  KURDISTAN  FireFundKobane  PKK  
Turkey Crime against Humanity 2015 TwitterKurds  PKK  ekinvan  Silvan  Va o  HPG  ypg  YPJ  
Naked corpse of  Kurdish woman - to ured &amp; killed By  Turkish police leaked    
Naked corpse of  Kurdish woman who to ured &amp; killed By  Turkish police leaked
Here is not  Syria ,its  Kurdish town  silvan in  Turkey ,Bombed by  Turkish army &amp; more then 30 people were killed   
BREAKING More then 30  Kurds were killed by  Turkish army in  Kurdish town  Silvan in south east  Turkey  va o  PKK  

BREAKING:many Kurdish Civilian has been killed By  Turkish Army in  Kurdish town Kars  south east  Turkey  PKK   
Bursali IŞİD için çalışan MİTelemani  AKP ye daha fazla oy verilsin diye,özel video yapti   
Bursali IŞİD için çalışan MİTelemani, Istanbul da  AKP ye daha fazla oy verilsin diye,özel video yapti  Silvan  Va o   
Bombing  Kurdish civilian by  Turkish Army continues in  Silvan  Turkey
Turkish  Erdogan 's Minister says:  My goal is to be a ma yr (in the battle against  kurds) if God would grant    pkk   
ISIS and  Turkish Mit combined bomb attack in  Kurdish town  qamishli ,many civilian were killed - Syria   ypj  ypg   
situation gone worse in  Turkey,here is  şapatan, Semdinli  Silvan , Turkish Army bombing  KURDISH civilian  pkk  HPG   
BREAKING  Silvan under attack, Turkish army bombing  Kurdish civilian in silvan south-east   Turkey right now  NATO   
BREAKING  Turkish MIT&amp;  ISIS bomb attack on  Enteriyê Suburb in Al- qamishli ( Kurdish town  Syria )  HPG  YPG  YPJ  
BREAKING  Turkish police bombing   Kurdish cemeteries in Badina,Baska,kolan,Çasan,Badan,Gulîge in  Turkey right now   
BREAKING Co-chairman of  Silvan  Sur city council &amp; another 9 Kurds were arrested by  Turkish police@ 4am in  Turkey  
PKK female CDR still looking 4 those  Turkish police who to ured/killed,Ms  EkinVan &amp;left her body naked in  Va o   
yes you right , its JUST 100% COPY and past from  Anadolu news agency  its really shame 
Turkish jets Bombing Civilian &amp;  Turkish army not letting civilian to run awayfrom  Turkish jets attack  NATO  PKK  
yes it is
BREAKING : Turkish jets bombs  Kurdish city  Hakkari  Semdinli in south east  Turkey  PKK  HPG  FireFundKobane  YPG  
BREAKING  Turkish jets Bombing  Kurdish Civilian in  lice, Semdinli, Silvan south est  Turkey  FireFundKobane  PKK   
Turkish  Erdogan &amp;  IslamicState cooperation continues in  Turkey , here is the AKP  ISIS new strategy election plan   
Erdogan ’s  AKP pa y Re election campaign just sta ed with a big help from  ISIS in  Istanbul – Turkey  PKK  YPG  
bombing,abusing,killing,jailing the  Kurds by  Turkish army continues in  Turkey 
BREAKING  Turkish Army Bombing  Kurdish CITY  Silopi in south East  Turkey ,people have no place to go  NATO  PKK   
BREAKING  Kurdish City  Hakkari  Semdinli Under attack of  Turkish Army's bombs &amp; shooting St by St  NATO  HPG  PKK  
BREAKING Many Civilians killed in  Kurdish city  Hakkari - Turkish military shooting protesters  TwitterKurds  PKK  
BREAKING : Turkish jets bombs  Kurdish city  Hakkari  Semdinli in south east  Turkey
Turkish train carrying war tanks and weapons,delivered to ISIS video link ---&gt;&gt; 
Turkey Hands over six Kurdish YPG Fighters to Al Qaida Terrorist  video link from CNN web
2- Captured  ISIS details  IslamicState  Turkey Military Cooperation link with English subtitle
1-  Captured  ISIS details  IslamicState  Turkey Military Cooperation link  YPG  ISIL
YPG's appeal to  humanrights watch , Turkey handed over 6 injured  YPG fighters to  AlQaeda    
BREAKING  Erdogan ’s  AKP pa y Re election campaign just sta ed with a big help from  ISIS in  Turkey  
Erdogan ’s  AKP pa y Re election campaign just sta ed with a big help from  ISIS in  Istanbul  
Erdogan ’s  AKP pa y Re election campaign just sta ed with a big help from  ISIS in  Istanbul  
Erdogan ’s  AKP pa y Re election campaign just sta ed with a big help from  ISIS in  Turkey  
’s  AKP pa y Re election campaign just sta ed with a big help from  ISIS in  Istanbul  
Erdogan ’s  AKP pa y Re election campaign just sta ed with a big help from  ISIS in  Istanbul  
Erdogan ’s  AKP pa y Re election campaign just sta ed with a big help from  ISIS in  Istanbul  
Erdogan ’s  AKP pa y Re election campaign just sta ed with a big help from  ISIS in  Istanbul T.C  
BREAKING  Erdogan ’s  AKP pa y Re election campaign just sta ed with a big help from  ISIS in  Istanbul – Turkey  
BREAKING  Turkish police Destroyed 17  Kurdish House,shops &amp; killed 9 Civilian in  Va o  Gimgim In  Turkey  EkinVan   
thank you  Anonymous    for suppo ing innocent Kurdish people -&gt;  Facebook Cooperating with  Turkey   
PKK female CDR looking 4 that  Turkish police who to ured killed,MS  ekinvan &amp;left her body tote naked in  Va o St   
Dersim :  PKK female commander explaining  Erdogan 's psychology of dictatorship in   Turkey 17/8/2015  EkinVan  YPG  
Breaking:Erdogan’s Rep (Sinirlioğlu) selected Masoud  Barzani 4 Iraqi Kurdistan,he will stay in his position til 2017   
anger  Kurdish people in Iraqi  Kurdistan seeking help from  US diplomat in  Erbil to remove  barzani from Position  
BREAKING news: turkish police killed another 3  Kurdish civilian in  Va o Turkey
Kurds took control of  Va o in  turkey after police to ured killed,  Kurdish woman &amp; left on street totally naked   
BREAKING :street fighting between  Turkish police and  Kurdish civilian continues  inside the city of  Va o 3 dead  
Kurds took control of  Va o in  turkey after police to ured killed,  Kurdish woman &amp; left on street totally naked   
Mother of 17 years old  Kurdish boy FROM ŞIRNAK Says, turkish police killed my son in front of my eyes  pkk  YPG  hpg   
BREAKING :  PKK leader, and  USA indirect talk to to end the fighting between  Turkey &amp; pkk 
please send me more info regarding that truck load if you still have some evidence
20 PHOTO OF  EkinVan   
BREAKING YPG's appeal to  humanrights watch , Turkey handed over 6 injured  YPG fighters to  AlQaeda in  Syria  NATO   
BREAKING : Turkey transfer Turkmens from   Tilalyan to  azaz &amp; gave Tilalyan to  ISIS 4 attack on  YPG in  afarin  
ISIS leader in  Aleppo THANKING  Turkey 4 bombing  PKK,says that was big help to declare sharia law in Al-Bab  Syria   
11   thank you for your Q. here is little bit more information  
BREAKING Captured  ISIS details  IslamicState  Turkey Military Cooperation link    
BREAKING Captured  ISIS details  IslamicState  Turkey Military Cooperation link    
BREAKING Captured  ISIS details  IslamicState  Turkey Military Cooperation link    
BREAKING Captured  ISIS details  IslamicState  Turkey Military Cooperation    
BREAKING Captured  ISIS details  IslamicState  Turkey Military Cooperation link    
BREAKING Captured  ISIS details  IslamicState  Turkey Military Cooperation link YPG  ISIL  
BREAKING  Facebook cooperating with  Turkey removing all  Kurdish pages,word  Kurds ,  Kurdistan Kurdish been banned   
Facebook cooperating with  Turkey removing all  Kurdish pages,word  Kurds ,  Kurdistan Kurdish been banned   
HDP  Alaniya under attack
BREAKING :anger  turkish people in  Turkey
BREAKING  turkish police suppo ing Turkish racist groups,for attacking  Kurdish civilian &amp;  HDP office  In  Alaniya   
BREAKING  turkish police suppo ing Turkish racist groups,for attacking  Kurdish civilian &amp;  HDP office  In  Alaniya   
Erdogan suppo er terrorist ISIS's bus stop in Harawa Libya
BREAKING Erdogan suppo er &amp; police  attacking  HDP Alanya district organization
BREAKING :street fighting between  Turkish police and  Kurdis civilian continues in Amed'in Farqin - Turkey   PKK  
BREAKING :street fighting between  Turkish police and  Kurdish people continues in Bitlis’in Tatvan - Turkey   PKK  
BREAKING news:street fighting between  Turkish forces &amp;  Kurdish people continues in  amed - Silvan -Tekel Mahalles  
BREAKING:heavy clash  continues in nusaybin -Silvan
BREAKING :after  Kurds took full controlof  Va o , Turkey cut off the power in the city of &amp;shut down internet  pkk   
Breaking news : Barzani asks for help from  US to solve his  problems
Kurds took control of  Va o in  turkey after police to ured killed  Kurdish woman &amp; left on street totally naked   
Va o'da  HPG 'liler asker ve polise sokağa çıkma yasağı getirdi - Şehid  EKÎN VAN  Anısına
Kurds took control of  Va o in  turkey after police to ured killed  Kurdish woman &amp; left on street totally naked  
BREAKING :kurd control of  Va o in  turkey after police to ured killed kurdish woman &amp; left on street totaly naked  
Şehîd EKÎN VAN You will never be forgotten
breaking video ISIS Training camp in Turkey VIDEO  link --&gt;&gt;  
U.S. Concerns Grow About  turkish Bombardment of  Kurdish  PKK
breaking video: ISISTraining camp in  Turkey link  ypg  ypj  FireFundKobane  EkinVan  
suruc
breakingnews video:inside  ISIS Training camp in  Turkey,They are all  turkish link ypg   
breakingnews video:inside  ISIS Training camp in  Turkey,They are all  turkish link 
breakingnews video:inside  ISIS Training camp in  Turkey,They are all  turkish link 
breakingnews video:inside  ISIS Training camp in  Turkey,They are all  turkish link 
breaking video:inside  ISIS Training camp in  Turkey,They all  turkish link 
breakingnews video:inside  ISIS Training camp in  Turkey,They all  turkish link 
breakingnews video:inside  ISIS Training camp in  Turkey,They all  turkish link tL4hv 
breakingnews video:inside  ISIS Training camp in  Turkey,They all  turkish link 
breakingnews video:inside  ISIS Training camp in  Turkey,They are all  turkish link 
breakingnews video:inside  ISIS Training camp in  Turkey,They are all  turkish link 
breakingnews video:inside  ISIS Training camp in  Turkey,They are all  turkish link    ypg  ypj   
Breaking video: inside  ISIS Training camp in  Turkey -they all Turkish link -&gt;   
Breaking video: inside  ISIS Training camp in  Turkey -they all Turkish link -&gt; 
Cizîrê-ROJAVA salvegera pêngava 15’ê Tebaxê welatiyên Kantona Cizîrê
KURDISTANNEWS24
Cizîrê-ROJAVA -salvegera pêngava 15’ê Tebaxê welatiyên Kantona Cizîrê
Breaking : Turkey asked ocalan to send msg to  PKK via his brother  without  HDP involvement,Ocalan has rejected  ypg   
Breaking news: Turkey is trying hard to negotiate with Ocalan without  HDP involvement, Ocalan has rejected  pkk  YPG   
breaking  Germany withdrawing its P.B &amp; its 260 troops  in  turkey Coz turkey Suppo ing  ISIS   FireFundKobane  ypg  
15 Tebaxe Piroz Be Hevalno!  TwitterKurds  
xxx love you hevallo
breaking  Germany withdrawing its Patriot batteries &amp; its 260 troops deployed in  turkey Cuz turkey Suppo ing  ISIS  
Germany withdrawing its Patriot B &amp; its 260 troops deployed in  turkey Cuz of turkey helping  ISIS  
breaking  Germany withdrawing its Patriot batteries &amp; its 260 troops deployed in  turkey Cuz of turkey helping  ISIS  
link:   
PKK top commander Dr.Bahoz calls on Kurds to help animals caught in the fire after   turkey set 6 mountains on fire  
Australian  ypg COMMANDER  ReeceHarding, soldier of misfo une 
ISIS LEADER EXPOSED AS   SEX CRIMINAL WHO RAPES HIS HOSTAGEs Tomorrow   frant page  IslamicState  Daesh  
Asker yakıyor halk söndürüyor ve dr bahoz le  pkk koruyor
Dr.Bahoz  PKK top commander:calls on guerrillas to help and save animals after  Turkey set 6 mountains on fire
VIDEO: Kurdish fighters  ypg ‘confused’ by U.S. allegiance with  turkey   8Ha
Abuse,,To ure and killing   Kurdish civilian by  turkish POLICE continues   SeniYineBaskanYaptırmayacağız  pkk  hpg   
Thousands take to  agri streets after Turkish special forces killed 2 KURDISH child,than dressed them as PKK fighters   
Turkey Hands over 6 injured   ypg Fighters to  ISIS VIDEO LINK-&gt;  
Turkey Hands over 6 injured   ypg Fighters to  ISIS VIDEO LINK-&gt;  
turkey Hands over 6 injured   ypg Fighters to  ISIS VIDEO LINK  
turkey Hands over six injured   Kurdish  ypg Fighters to  ISIS VIDEO LINK-&gt;  
IF YOU  CAN  Catch terrorist please ask turkey why?  they Hands over six  Kurdish  ypg TO  ISIS video:   
Turkey is big fan of ISIS ---&gt;&gt; Turkey Hands over six Injured Kurdish YPG member to ISIS  VIDEO   
num 1 got English sub 1-   
video Another Captured  isis fighter details  ISIS   turkey connection
video Captured  isis fighter details  ISIS   turkey connection
Diyadin İmam Hatip Lisesi müdürü, Ağrı Valiliğini Muhammed'in öğrenci belgesini göstererek yalanladı: Foto: DİHA   
Breaking video :Captured  ISIS member says,ISIS has 4 training camps in  turkey lin    
Breaking video :Captured  ISIS member says,ISIS has 4 training camps in  turkey video link    
are you erdogan SUppo er? why you are calling pkk terrorist ?  
Need to watch nuce tv or ronahi tv
The reason they captured , because : Turkey Hands over six Kurdish YPG Fighters to  ISIS IN  Syria VIDEO    
AS LONG AS erdogan and ISIS suppo er AKP  on power no
confirmed by PKK  ----&gt;&gt;&gt;  
not any more
Erdogan suppo  ISIS ,  NEXT few year turkey become  Islamic country same as iran 
and this is another one  you need to have google gmail to watch this   
this is jut one exmaple to see what turkey doing to the kurdish civilian   
its not,kurd don’t like war but turkey want this because , 
kurd didnot sta  this , this war has been sta ed by erdogan , after Ruling pa y lost majority in Turkey elections 
Breaking news; kurdish force hpg/pkk captured 1 Turkish soldiers &amp; 1 Turkish police
clashes between Kurdish protesters and  turkish army continue in  Dersim  HPG  pkk  turkey  YPG  ypj   diyarbakir  
Violent clashes between Kurdish protesters and police continue in  silvan  turkey  HPG  pkk  turkey  YPG  ypj  
Violent clashes between Kurdish protesters and police continue in Turkey
Silvan'da gençlerin direnişinden bir kare foto: DİHA  
breakingnews  kurdish leader ocalan being to ured or even killed by  turkey
AFP  breakingnews :Kurdish leader  ocalan being to ured or even killed by  turkey
france24.: Ocalan was ill, being to ured or even killed 
they not killing them , click the photo for large  view and read description   
he says nice things in French --&gt;&gt;   It's outrageous what a shame! =c'est scandaleux Quelle honte
Turkish special forces killed civilian Kurds, than dressed them as PKK fighters after? One arm cut off? 
captured is says  ISIS has 4 training camps IN turkey
video Captured  isis fighter details  IslamicState 's  turkey connection
this is another one has got English sub title  but its 1 month old
Breaking video :Captured  ISIS member says,ISIS has 4 training camps in  turkey    
Breaking news video:Captured  ISIS member says,  IslamicState has 4 training camp in  turkey  link--&gt;   
Breaking video:Captured  ISIS member says,  IslamicState has 4 training camp in  turkey   
washingtonpost : turkish President Tayyip  Erdogan still suppo ing  ISIS  
turkish army opend fire on civilians were trying to cross border west  Tal_Abyad 2 women dead lot f injurise til now htt…
Why is the world ignoring the revolutionary  Kurds in  Syria ?
Senior  US military official: Turkey 'needed a hook' and tricked us on  ISIS  
SeniYineBaşkanYaptırmayacağız
HDP'ye gururla,onurla oy verdik,çalışma yaptık ve bin kere seçim olsa,gene yapacağız 
man of the year  
With Islamic State defeated, we gained exclusive access to the Kurds taking back Hasakah: 
This pic Will tell why  Turkey sta ed targeting  PKK just 1 week after  YPG took over  Talabyad from  ISIS in  Syria  
PKK, is Erdogan’s real target , not Islamic State Because: 
breakingnews 2 child &amp; 1 adult  shot and killed by Turkish police, in Agri - Turkey 
Abuse &amp;,To ure OF  Kurdish woman in the city of  VAN by TURKISH POLICE 
Opening of first traffic police training academy IN Cizire Canton  Rojava  AFRIN  EFRIN  YPG  YPJ  PKK  HPG  KOBANE  
YPG commander, American repo  helping cat's BABY &amp;  Kurdish Doctor helping injured  ISIS HERE IS  Rojava &amp;  kobane   
YPG &amp;  ypj are coordinating US-led airstrikes against  ISIS with Google Maps &amp;Samsung tablets    
YPG &amp;  ypj are coordinating US-led airstrikes against  ISIS with Google Maps &amp;Samsung tablets
Why Is  Turkey Fighting the  Kurds Who Are Fighting  ISIS?
Michael Rubin: Masoud  Barzani &amp; Kurdish presidential succession
Son.D IŞİD, Türkiye sınırının karşısına yakıt istasyonu kurdu 
Breaking news: ISIS set up Petrol Station in Turkish border (Turkey &amp; ISIS petrol market)


MHP Genel Sekreteri ve Bursa Milletvekil Facebook hesabıi-(P,K,K) Hack Team Tarafından Ele Gecirilmiştir 
isangirl: Killing an ejected Pilot is a war crime. Fu hermore, the insurgents have MANPADS because the US gave it to them, and yes… 
Retrouvez ma tribune dans laquelle j'explique comment la montée de l' islam radical chasse les  juifs de nos qua iers. C…
Do (good) deeds which is within your capacity as Allah never gets tired of giving rewards till you get tired of doing g…
isangirl: @ _com   Oh come on. We know  Trump gave the AlQaeda rebels the MANPADS. It was the US. Why play ignorant…
Syrian Army captures several areas from ISIS in no heast  Hama - map    Idlib  Syria
Trinidad's jihadis, nice repo  on how this tiny  Caribbean nation became  IslamicState's recruiting ground. 
Syrian gov't fires back  US over chemical weapons claim    Damascus  Eastghouta  Syria
This  Iranian woman is selling some items in the subway in  Iran. She is crying and saying her father is in the hospita…
Two water purification units installed by   and  SHR in  AbuGhraib district,  Baghdad provide 40,000 peopl…   
The Prophet ﷺ said: “If Allah wants to do good to somebody, He afflicts him with trials.” [Al-Bukhari]  Muslims  Islam 
Esta es la carretera principal para cruzar  Homs en el trayecto entre  Damasco y  Alepo  syria…  
Turkish border guards shoot, block fleeing Syrian asylum seekers - watchdog    Syria  Turkey   
Shame on us whining Hindus!  
Aasiyah (radiyallahu anha) was married to the worst of mankind, Firaun, yet she was one of the best of women. Strive &amp;… 
Massive Russian  airstrikes have killed at least 30 militants in no hwest  Syria, where a Russian fighter jet was shot… 
Russian Air Force kills over 30 jihadists in area where pilot was killed: MoD    Idlib  Russia  …
जमीयत उलेमा-ए-हिंद ने जुर्माना भरकर 8 कैदियों की कराई रिहाई
Trinidad's jihadis
I'm in pain, my leg stuck, Innocent words uttered by a little girl was rescued today by  CivilDefense teams from under t… 
Today, Sunday 4th February marks the 22nd anniversary of the tragic death of Ff Fleur Lombard whilst on operational dutie… 
its not that chan isnt capable of producing a track that good its just. its a high stakes (for the company) variety…  
No, Mr. President it’s worse than that. The country’s top elected leader has agreed to selectively and misleadingly rele… 
TheArabSource   Turkish border guards shoot, block fleeing Syrian asylum seekers - watchdog…   
Chinese Ambassador to Pakistan says a fu her 20 Projects are in the pipeline under the China - Pakistan Economic Corridor and G…
16 yr old Yazidi girl Yasmin was sick of being raped by ISIS fighters . So she doused herself in gasoline &amp; lit a match ,… 
Obama takes post 9/11 Patriot Act surveillance apparatus meant for terrorists and instead uses it on Americans and polit…
ISRAEL  EVENTS  STA UP: EILAT:FEB 6: Eilat Hub and Sta Up GrindGil-Ad NovellusDx CEO &amp; Co-Founder ..…  
It’s clear   is helping Devin Nunes interfere in the Russia probes. Ryan kept Nunes on the Intel Cmte, even though h… 
I will always recommend   as it is one of the best Islamic websites anyone can learn Islam from. h…
Non mais oh mon ptit bonhomme, parce que ton idole est musulman, il faudrait se taire parce que sinon on est accusé “d’islamo… 
Gandhi nehru &amp; jinna killed bhagatsing drama baz Islam
I would like to offer to facilitate a full public debate with a   representative on what to do about Islam.  What are th…
So much respsct for   for eve hing he done for brexit but what a sellout! You literally chucked   u…
Guillaume Bigot, à propos des violences faites aux femmes et de l'affaire Daval, arrive à caler l'islam, la théorie du gen… 
Jammu, Feb 4 
JIYEON ITU MAIN VOCAL,MAIN DANCER,MAIN RAPPER,VISUAL,MAGNAE :) PROTES ? *EYELINER ATTACK* 
Is Pax Americana weakening? -  DailyTimes  Israel  Russia  PaulKennedy  UnitedStates  Jerusalem  UnitedNations…  
But who survived the hea  attack 😭  TweetLikeThe2000s  
La po e parole du ministère des affaires étrangères Américain fait une bévue en avouant que la Turquie combat le PKK  (Que…
Islam says that whoever invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches wome…  
Why is it that  ZimParks are too quick to repo  when they has been a cyanide attack on elephants but they shut up when they…
Els islamistes turcs imiten als del ISIS, mutilant els cossos de les milicianes kurdes. Europa i l'OTAN callen. Força al… 
The Retweet and Mention network of  Iran's Hijab Campaigns on Twitter. Size is propo ional to the PageRank Centrality Sco…
SAPS strongly condemns attack on police members in Po  Elizabeth    ArriveAlive…  
Straks ook in uw achte uin: zielige ISIS vrouwen- en kinderverkrachters omdat ze een plek verdienen in Nederland.  
The truth about  HumanRights violations in my  Iran isn't that they're just common (prevalent). It's that they've become commo…
Une pièce de jeu d'échec médiéval, un cavalier vieux de 800 ans, a été découve e en  Norvège avec des motifs d'inspirat… 
The new Oxford Centre for Islamic Studies is an architectural marvel, whose patron is Charles, Prince of Wales, heir to the… 
Did Obama seek FISA warrants against Hezbollah terrorists and drug smugglers? No. He let them off the hook and targeted Chr…
_ir   لوکیشن توییتر یا همون مکانتون که تو پروفایل نمایش داده میشه رو، روی Islamic Republic of Iran ی…
Strongly condemn the suicide attack on army unit spo s area in Swat in which eleven including our soldiers and officer w…
Uma Thurman details Weinstein 'attack'   by  
See I am proud of living in a country where a 85% of majority accept my religion…
“In Germany, 47% of Muslims believe Sharia is more impo ant than German law. In Sweden, 52% of Muslims believe that Sh… 
I have learnt this the hard way that even so called secular Muslims end up siding with the Break India forces &amp; in defenc…
Glad to see an Arsenal attack where no one is holding the ball unnecessarily too long or breaking play or losing the ball...
:    …
…  
…
A young man in  Iran was to ured and flogged in prison after his arrest during  IranProtests. His mother posted this pict…
Our ally USA's weapons killed 5 Turkey's army soldiers today..
Spanish 'skateboard hero' of London Bridge attack honoured with first ever triple police bravery award  
Panther is actually a dude named Tom.
The launch of a free trade zone at  Pakistan's Gwadar Po  is expected to revive the po 's potential and boost development in…
Islam says that whoever invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
Only in Islam do the king and peasant stand, bow and prostrate TOGETHER, side by side proclaiming the Greatness of Allaah 
You won’t see Theresa May undermining MI6... Hell, you won’t even see Trudeau so much as bad mouth a Mountie... But this… 
New generation of  women in  Iran are continuing fight for dignity and equality.  I’m not the first campaigner against c…
How to Pronounce Whack-a-loon ↺ ❤    sucker  simpleton  bumbler  stooge  nut  hebetic  bump…  
Kenya:trial of 5 men accused of being behind The Garissa university attack is set to resume tomorrow.
She loved him, she eloped with him, but she resisted conve ing to the true religion of Islam. Her Husband's father and u… 
[BREAKING] Many killed, houses burnt as suspected Fulani Herdsmen attack Numan in Adamawa State (PHOTOS) NijaEye 
Michael Savage - Oliver Stone's Son Conve s to  Islam - (Aired on February 14, 2012) - YouTube.mp4   
11 Pakistan Army soldiers killed in a bombing that seems to be an Afghan revenge attack. The message from Kabul to Rawalpin…
Hate how much energy goes into a small panic attack to prevent a big one. 😫😴
Trump says re memo: “What’s happening in this country is a disgrace. A lot of people should be ashamed.” Agree. Donald Trum…
Wasinger: As Russia Narrative Implodes, Establishment Targets Trump Loyalists to Impede Trump Agenda…   
FactCheck True!  WakeUpAmerica R U sta ing to see? It not about race!  FactsMatter  MAGA  
First-time m feeling so relaxed that u ppl on SM catching at a very fast rate
Don’t fire  Mueller. Let him just float out there like a turd in the swimming pool. In the meantime let’s get a real sp…
Islam says that whoever invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
Oh shit Jimin he's about attack!!! Sfgdgdkj  
(XOXO) Hea  Attack
The  FIFA World Cup trophy touched down in  Pakistan on Saturday as pa  of its global journey ahead of the World Cup 2018 in…
frivk WAKE ME UP harambe dead meme DONKEYKONG banana stale meme  war fry edgy 15 TV
If you think it’s sick &amp; absurd that this terrorist claims to act on behalf of white people/christians, well that’s how t… 
Thousands are slaughtered by Fulani terrorists yet Buhari has refused to arrest even one of the killers.7 Fulani are killed in…
Salaah is the framework of a Muslim's daily life. Our life's activities are fitted around our times of prayer and not t…
Is Germany about to be completely destroyed? Oh wait they already did that to themselves.............EW ISLAMIC TER…  
Jones: Nitric oxide key to preventing hea  attack | Sudbury Star  
The god of Islam is NOT the God of Christianity!!!!
Fifteen girls in Saudi Arabia were burned alive when the Islamic sharia religious police wouldn’t let them leave their burning…
I am told it's quite fashionable on these streets to attack the media .....  SwalaNyeti
Terrorism is a tactic not a political ideology
Feminism is dead. It’s been exposed as stemming from nothing but morbid jealousy and a brooding resentment which destr…
Islam says that whoever invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
CEDR  EileenCarroll QC  OrganisedCrime   Forensics Files    BARCLAYS INTERNATIONAL CHAIRMAN SIR  GERRYGRIMSTONE =  CRIMINA… 
If the Muslims want to kill us, we must face death bravely   says Mahatma Gandhi after Muslims stabbed and beheaded a Hin… 
NEW ISLAMIC TERRORIST THREAT that Germany is trying to downplay   via  
So that's something that everyone can learn from them. Our safety is in our own hands. Police is for VIPs, not common… 
🚨  Miami 🚨  Florida 🚨
Thank you Rep.  JuanVargas   for your courage in speaking the truth. My wife was born in the same area where the…
Remembering Shaheed Benazir Bhutto, First ever Lady Prime Minister of Pakistan &amp; Islamic World. 
The BBC choose to po ray an attack on free speech and on   by Momentum masked thugs as if HE were equally culpab…
LiarCNN
Rees-Mogg attack on the Treasury shows again that hard-Brexiteers are the UK manifestation of bullying post-Truth Trump…
Many MANPADS were looted during SCW by rebels from regime bases, but most have expired battery, which makes them useless.… 
Oh Allah! Let my death only reach me when You have forgiven my sins and when You are pleased with me. Ameen  Muslims  Islam  …
Please share this video as widely as possible and help spread the historical t…
I see nothing wrong here...  
Prabhat Ranjan,   Police Commissioner, promoted  Quran in uniform in an event organised by Karnataka based jih… 
One year ago today, Ariana Grande kicked off the 'Dangerous Woman' world tour in Phoenix, Arizona. The tour was interrupted o… 
U.S. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer on   scrutiny of the FBI    
This week we’ve had women telling other women what jobs they can do, MPs &amp; unelected peers plotting to thwa  the majority vo… 
VOTE ATTACK 🚨
Islam says that whoever invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
I’m constantly having a panic attack every day. Just depends on my level of Xanax.
I wonder why Corbyn can't cycle everywhere like he used to... it's not like any hate-filled terrorists have planned to kill…
For 5 years Obama could not stop ISIS, couldn't even contain them. 
A ATTACK APRIL 3/4TH UNDER MICHAEL BROWN. AS HE MAKES HIS SCORE HOME.
What do u want him to do? Obama and prior presidents kicked this down the…  
Summary of Rights of children - to care for them, nu ure them, teach them Islam and impo ant worldly knowledge, and r… 
Hindu killed: “victim of patriarchy”
When i got the notification I only saw the beginning and had a hea  attack. The good die young I guess
The point of FISA surveillance is to stop terrorism.  Was Trump under suspicion of being a terrorist? if not
For what reason did Barry Soetoro change his name to Barack Hussein Obama?
Who asked tyou across fromt he across world Muslims not joined neither they knows what is terrorists,…   
Corbyn Lies About His Suppo  For  Iran    IranProtests  marr  bbcsp  bbcqt  peston  paterson…  
Putin is fighting Terrorists while  Obama is busy dancing with them  
When planning to attack, never make it quick.. I’m the hunter that hunt the hunter now plz follow this. Patience, l…   
He who kneels before Allah can stand up to anything.  Muslims  
Forget about electric shock, nothing shocks more than touching your pocket and not feeling your phone, Even your pancreas get… 
Vicious pit bull attack during morning exercise. Watch the video for the gruesome details  
*frantically looking for your 8 am class in a new building on the second story in a hidden area only to realize it’s dow…
A total of 899 PKK/KCK/PYD-YPG and Daesh terrorists have been   neutralized   since the beginning of Operation Olive Branch i… 
Strongly condemn the suicide attack in swat! May Allah give highest place in Jannah to out brave soldiers. These cowardl…
On the night and early morning of the 3rd and 4th of February 1973 six young local men from the New Lodge Road area of N…
John McDonnell inspiring lefty morons to attack Jacob Ress-Mogg. x   
BJP tried it's best to put every possible false cases on Commando Surender Singh, an AAP MLA from Delhi Cantt. Today P… 
If you're having a hea  attack, don't worry I know CPR. 
Targeted  ISIS accounts
It's now suddenly acceptable and fashionable to admit that the US and Saudi cove  program in  Syria fueled the rise of…
Islam, a  ReligionofPeace? 
See what happens when humans attack alligators...  
Member from Jammu's Hiranagar  said in meeting:   Hindu boys are also migrating to other pa s of India as BJP-PDP govt has… 
OBAMA TO THE US MUSLIM CITIZENS (You're not Muslim or American. You're Muslim and American)
Erdogan has ordered to block my Twitter-account in  Turkey. He is afraid that people know the truth.  Afrin  Efrîn  Kurdis…
el   45   Let them watch the heroic epics of the Kurds in Afrin…
The Promised Neverland is easily Shonen Jump's strongest addition in the recent years; it's an excellent combination of what…
A few things Turkey did in  Afrin
Well we had Jeremy Corbyn on last week and John McDonnell the week before that and before that Emily Thornberry but yeah, neve… 
NATIONAL NEWS: Liverpool bar attack: Three men arrested over murder of Anthony Condron  
Islam says that whoever invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
Anne Marie Waters was branded a Nazi an a racist by Nigel Farage  .  As expected, the press is using this to smear me (and o… 
A Woman Officer in UP justified the killing of Chandan Gupta &amp; said Saffron killed him. So, Saffron flags instigate so much… 
The terrorists are not a nation or a regular army. They are murderer. The one c…
SOS in Nigeria!  STOPTHEKILLINGS in Benue, THE FOOD BASKET! 1,300+ dead in 54+ attacks in 58 months by Fu… 
whitehelmets America's War on Syria: The Hea break of a Disinformation Campaign for Imperialism  
Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack   via  
Patriot Chandan Gupta KILLED By Jihadi Terrorists For Chanting VandeMatarm On Republic Day in Kasganj.…  
Pa running attack naman jan mads :----)
Terrorism Is Hard Work   with Fancy Comedy's Kristina Hughes 
What surprises me is that many prominent Muslims like Pataudi, SRK , Amir Khan cannot get Muslim girls but have fal…   Biz5G 
Nazis attack protesters demonstrating outside of a Charlie Kirk speaking event at Colorado State University:  
BreakingNews
Hindu Boy stabbed &amp; beheaded by family of Muslim girl he wanted to marry.
Islam says that whoever invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
Would appreciate a wee retweet on this travesty of so-called justice.  Mohammed Taheri is not a criminal and should free of…
The issue of  Kashmir is a problem of humanity, human rights, and freedom which the world needs to recognize. 
JammuAndKashmir Police arrests Islamic Madarasa teacher for sexually assaulting a minor boy in Kreeri Baramulla of No h Kash…
Hopefully, I will be able to make it my way one day or someone with their head screwed on right will, and we can ou…   
“He was apparently seething at the meeting and almost in tears” – Ace Magashule was grilled at the ANC’s national working c…
Hea  attack  TwitterBestFandom    SoompiAwards    TeamEXO  EXOL  
Twitter bots, disguised as Americans, attack FISA memo and Trump; promote warhawk McCain.   
Considering their published views on Islam, we can assume that Winston Churchill, George Bernard Shaw, Thomas Jeffer… 
Nothing will make up for the death of Mr Makram Ali but this conviction and long sentence will hopefully come as some sola…
It's like when the camera person was asking Jungkook about how he felt to have graduated and Tae…  
In Madarsa, with Islamic. teaching we need to focus on teaching of modern technology so that they can upgrade themselves 
- The Search for the Truth   - Islam Is Your Bi hright    followme  follow…
US failure to show leadership in  Afrin has destroyed   that now is associated with  ISIS, al- Qaeda and the genocid… 
So much media attention being accorded to the vile murderer convicted today for  FinsburyPark attack.
How to Pronounce Bust It Baby ↺ ❤    setupon  bustit  get  storm  chest  detain  tag…  
Any chance PD Rio can replace Cressida Dick as   chief commi…  
Singapore prepares for terrorist attack  
Menstruation has several health benefits such as the natural cleansing of our bodies to improve health. We get to g…  
Bill Maher Crushes Islam! A Must Watch!  
How in the world did they get approval for the warrant?  
Islam says that whoever invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
Listen to What is Islam?
We didn’t need this study to know that Europe is impo ing a backward incompatible culture and a hostile parallel society.…
There are plenty of strong evidence that Turkish state works with all Jihadist terrorist organizations as well as supplying…
i thought you were a law student. malaysia being an Islamic country is the biggest misconception we all obviously should…
MOST LUCKY HIT  INCIDENT  THE AMERICAN DID SUPPLY THE TERRORISTS WITH NEW ANTI MISSILES OR THE SAUDI ISRAELI  
this is just a true statement
Well
Man injures African migrants in drive-by shooting, in an attack that appears to be racially motivated. 
Any ideas on where all of that cement might have gone?  
call 911 im having a hea  attack  
BREAKING: Judge: `No way' she'll punish father of three Nassar victims who tried to attack disgraced doctor in Michigan cou .
Islam says that whoever invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
The war on terrorism has not been won, Gabriel Weimann argues in T    Cybersecurity  Bitcoin   
I remember an argument with my boys’ grandfather about using the N-word. I forbade it. He argued tha…  
Because of Barry Hussein Obama n HRC's   We came, we saw, he died   stupid giggle,…   
The war on terrorism has not been won, Gabriel Weimann argues in T    Cybersecurity  Bitcoin   
I thought she was dreaming of the Jack attack in their apa ment. What did she dreaming here? 🤔  
sCenter: A father of three victims tried to attack Larry Nassar in the cou room before being restrained by police.  
Pakistani Taliban claim attack that killed 11 soldiers | News , World -   
Assad cherishes the illusion of a functional country.
lol,it was one of our own political pa ies using the agencies as a w…   
'What Salah and Mane do, and I've watched them several times this season, is they are pa ly brilliant when they attack bec… 
Liverpool bar attack: Three men arrested over murder of Anthony Condron  
Trying to understand how he is comparing America and Islam. Islam is a religion a…  
As a  Muslim, I always thought it was weird how  Allah made us menstruate, but then was all ‘Ew. Don’t pray to me when… 
We don't have to   like   someones choice,,,but why is it so impo ant these days to attack some…   
Islam says that whoever invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
Breaking! The pilot killed in  Syria today is Roman Fillipov, he was from  Crimea where he served in the Ukrainian Air Fo… 
Being a religious minority in  Pakistan means always anticipating the happening of something tragic:
''she was kinda expecting that tentacle attack ''
I  hope there is no  terrorist attack at the  BlackPanther release to  theaters  amc &amp;  Regal should boost  Security  violence  America
A very impo ant thread about the impact of the attack on “toxic masculinity” on boys.  
Taliban lays claim to deadly attack on Kabul hotel  
The devil is a man, I swear to God   
Attack three huge business problem areas in just 30 days    TNW    Full covera ..
Footage of the huge Free Syrian Army offensive against  ISIS that never was   q94OCIoY  Daraa  FSA  Syria
He make us menstruate to cleanse our bodies. It’s even scientifically proven that the menstrual cycle provides impo ant h…
Rose McGowan cancels book tour after INSANE verbal attack by Trangender extremist...  
Please let it. It's time for the reign of the Dingles to end.
Next year the  War in  Afganistan will old enough to enlist in the War in Afganistan. This would be funny, if the t…   
watching porn in islamic class  
Day 20 | VOTE ATTACK!!
Islam says that whoever invalidates the p…  
Colleague   discusses   ners -   connecting with the local  tech ecosystem and championing…  
Day 21 | VOTE ATTACK!!
Yes ... we are still worried. And then it happens (small scale) ... and then again (larger) and we are outraged and hav…
Attack of the Clones is terrible, I stated it so it must be true. 
Survive a missile attack, parachute down to ea h, and fought using his pistol till death.. 
New post (best wazifa for surah rahman in urdu, islamic wazifa) has been published on Urdu Islamic Video -…    
Very disturbing answer by Prime Minister Trudeau on the question of returning ISIS fighters.
Justin Trudeau says these returning ISIS terrorists have a lot to offer Canada.  
This is not only about hijab but a reaction against all kinds of suppression. One of   MPs in an interview tol…
Was there any time in the past locals kicked  ISIS out due to dissatisfaction?
Islam says that whoever invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
RETWEET U voted for   &amp; will  MAGA in 2020 🇺🇸
Passing sentence at a London cou , judge Bobbie Cheema-Grubb told Darren Osborne, who deliberately drove a van into a group of wo… 
Day 22 | VOTE ATTACK!!
Much as I love to attack the Tories and respect the Royal Marines, we need to have a deeper debate here. There's a…   
y30DaCo a: I would’ve granted him 10 mins  
A drawing of Ophiophacus elaps from ‘The Thanatophidia of India’ (1874) has inspired a ist Reena Kallat to create…  
Media repo s “secret alliance” between  Israel and  Egypt in fight against  ISIS  
I'm in pain, my leg is stuck   A small girl found alive today from under the rubble after warplanes bombed her home in  Dou… 
Afghanistan publishes “undeniable” proof Islamic State, Taliban jihadis trained in Pakistan 
In  Iran, “Women are showing that they are no longer afraid. We used to fear the government, now it’s the government that f… 
Muslim MIGRANTS IN  Germany RIOT IN CHURCHES, STEAL FROM STORES AND DEFECATE IN GARDENS   
It doesn’t get more powerful than this. Her life may be in its twilight, but she still stands for freedom.  IranianProt… 
Top 10 Worst Nations for Gender Equality are all Islamic.
Who will have the best attack in the 2018 FIFA World Cup?  
Congressman Hakeem Jeffries exposes the  's hypocrisy on almost all issues:   You claim to be the pa y of law and or… 
Attack Of Bangtan    iHea Awards  BestFanArmy  BTSARMY
…  
Nothing like marriage to test whether all that talk of Islamic values and following in the footsteps of the Beloved ﷺ is…
Kinahan gang to be investigated by FBI and DEA as they plot joint crackdown on mob  
They attack the memory of a man key to defeating the Nazis. The similarities the hard left hav…  
The cops in  Athens prevent  antifa to reach the city center in order to let fascists rally, attack migrants, and sprid their… 
Broken streets.
Anybody dreaming of army coup must remember its different Pakistan now. Politicians united; media/judiciary against any at…
'Macedonia is Greece': A look back at the decades-old row: Who gets to use the name ‘Macedonia‘? Al Jazeera‘s John…  
Breaking144 -   Most recent edition of the ISIS magazine Rumiyah shows new tactics: lure people to be...  
Hindus are inherently secular as they don’t grow up reading literature calling all other religions fake. It’s the beauty…
Massacre: At least 14 civilians were killed and many others injured last night after warplanes bombed civilian neig…  
YPJ fighter Barîn Kobanî fought in Raqqa &amp; defeated daesh there
Uganda: Conve  from Islam to Christianity says “The Muslims are trying to kill me”  
Islam says that whoever invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
BJP Government &amp; Modi are continuously provoking the war on borders &amp; Indian army is committing the state terrorism in Oc…
Russia retaliates in Idlib after Sukhoi jet was downed: Observatory group says at least 68 attacks hit area near wh…  
Tough new Treasury sanctions today on those who are funding Hizballah's terrorism. We will no longer allow corrupt Hizballah…
The  women of  Iran are resolved to turn the page of their country’s history in the 21st century and they deserve the suppor…
Bullshit Broadcasting Company at its best again.  
NATIONAL NEWS: Liverpool bar attack: Three men arrested over murder of Anthony Condron  
Killing has two dimension - first if u r killing for cow then it can create chaos award wapsi media e…  
Black photographers and the civil rights struggle: Two photographers captured a different side of the African-Ameri…  
His daughters were raped by the USA Gymnastics Doctor so he tried to attack him in cou . Like if you think they should h…
Fundamentally, the state of pa y politics in the U.K. and US is what’s finished both countries. That’s not democracy, by the… 
Swedish media cover up migrant sex  Attack  
.  is into the attack in the 11th over, much like in Durban. 
ISRAEL 47y  Eritrean is one of the 1st to receive depo ation notices: I dont want to go to  Rwanda. I rather g…   
An interesting figure in   today: The worlds tallest building  , more than 160 stories, was bui… 
Someone who lived in the vicinity of Evin prison of came to the front of the prison and told us that they heard shootin…
Another version of my Cyborg crossbow tiger OC - took me about 8 hours  a   concept  concepta   tiger  robot…  
These pictures are not of any Tech Company in Duabi. Ladies and Gentlemen presenting you NADRA Facilitation Center Islamab…
First they attack the judiciary, now the civil service... nothing matters to these bullies except getting their way. htt… 
This photo story inspired by the Egyptian goddess Isis is enchanting:    
Obama weaponized the State Depa ment against  .
Israel cove ly bombed Daesh on  Sinai for years
Love for one's bi hplace is not haram. Rasul Allah deeply loved Makkah but was forced to leave--hijra. Loving one's cou…
If I’m mad I’m full on attack mode.
This is an excellent a icle and everyone should read it  
Gaza Re: Egyptian army destroys tunnel under Gaza border  MiddleEMon  
It’s outrageous given he has zero evidence and all the other forecasters find similarly - us economists are perfectly h…
Hea  attack bcs of jimin
Three videos showing Saudi Sheikh Abdallah Muhausni and Al-Qaeda propagandists Hadi Abdallah &amp; Moaz Al-Shami celebrating t…
Jadu Uncle, the act of ruthless beheading of kafirs has it's genesis in the ce ain preachings in Islam, which have…   
After Australia Day The Left Moves on to Attack ANZAC Day  
How To Cope With a Panic Attack At Work According To Science. Via    MentalHealth  
Islam like all religions are imperfect &amp; need to be challenged, that's how we progress as humans.  It'…   
There’s a “try a hijab on” booth at my college campus.
Most of our parents don't allow us to even marry out of our caste/class forget about religion. if w…  
I hope whoever wrote that stupid   made for human   bank ad suffers a bee attack. 
CPEC: 180 km  Hazara Expressway under   phase of  Havelien  Abbotabad Motorway will be open in Ma…
OBAMA TO THE US MUSLIM CITIZENS (You're not Muslim or American. You're Muslim and Ameri…  
…
This story just got a lot more significant. That's all I can say for now. More tomorrow or Monday.  
😳  Schiff to Trump: You have “selectively and misleadingly released classified info to attack the FBI” 😳   
Islam—In 610 gave women equal rights to marry/divorce, financial security, own prope y, inherit, get education, vote, be sol… 
Pakistan’s Shaheen Afridi makes it to  ICC’s  U19WorldCup Team
Your menstrual cycle is a basic embryonic necessity. You can pray and make dua all you want. Allah has given you a break for…
After the Trump-Ryan-Nunes attack on the nation's leading law enforcement agency, the Republican Pa y should never be allowed… 
No anti Islamic extremist big difference
Attack on Bangtan
Aircraft attack civilian convoy on  Syrian highway
.  This is only one more step in the rightwing coup that is Brexit.   must finally recognise this for…
Watch the Russian Air Force kill over 30 jihadists in  Idlib    Russia  Syria
Karroubi accuses Khamenei of Abuse of Power and Tyranny    IranWire - Well some Mullah's have finally…
AAH GUYS! IT IS NATALIE IMBRUGLIA'S BI HDAY. ATTACK HER WITH B-DAY WISHES. NOTE THAT IF SHE DIDN'T EXIST TORN WOUL…  
Beware of resonance though. In the past sometimes Judges have acted as enemies of the people, politicians have betr…   
Bit confused as to why in its repo  of the downed Russian pilot in Idlib province,  AP uses the term   Al-Qaeda linked mi… 
Dear   ji you speak on Akhlaq, You speak against GauRakshaks. 
Turkey strongly condemns the heinous terrorist attack perpetrated in Swat yesterday, and conveys condolences to the bro… 
Let FAJR brighten your day even before the Sun does”. Subha bakhair everyone may Allah swt shower his blessings upon you…
Remember America Suck a Dick Suck A Whole Lot Of Dick
The cry by Umtwana over the trust is a sign that Isilo is made to view the disb…  
Islam says that whoever invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
Rebels form new group to defend key city in  Idlib    Saraqib  Syria
👻 Ghosthunters  isispigs  opisis
Labour now has the same problem that Islam does.  What used to be known as extremis…  
Panicked by free speech?
Live Stars Phishing attack warning
False! Matthew Paris is still a Tory although he wields a keyboard t…  
How very brave of Jacob Rees Mogg to attack civil servants knowing very well they won't come out and publicly defend t…
The existence of  Pakistan is the root cause of all evils on planet ea h.
Islam absolutely forbids, through the words of Allah in the Holy Quran (verses 2:221; 60:10), the marriage of a Muslim… 
Queen Elizabeth has begun claiming she is a direct descendent of Prophet Muhammad, the founder of Islam, and has in…   
Rescuing Ex-Muslims: Leaving  Islam  
omg this is a fic kind of thing I almost had a hea  attack  
Eastern  Ghouta witnesses 3rd chemical attack in less than a month. The 4th since the UN investigative mechanism ended. Stat…
Shocking to find out how much a nation is able to hate. Actually, I feel pity for them. It must be very hard to live like tha… 
A rather obvious question that will never ask.  
This is funny... because aren't tattoos forbidden for muslims?  
FARM ATTACK: 37 A elderly couple was attacked by 3 suspects after returning from town,they where assaulted weapons and ther… 
_Raqqa: Launching of the project of removing the rubble and opening roads in the city of Raqqa, 23Feb.st by  E  
Corbyn Lies About His Suppo  For  Iran    IranProtests  marr  bbcsp  bbcqt  peston  paterson  bbcaq…
Advice to men:
How to Pronounce Fire And Ice ↺ ❤    fu hermore  principle  frost  shell  flicker  park…  
Yet, the only opposition pa y with the capacity of doing so, jumps onto this madness of  Brexit along with the Tory pa y.… 
Hiring people like Comey, McCabe, Strozck and more in the FBI makes America not only laughable, but…   
ownsend7: Islam and Sexual Slavery  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
Re-up: Rizwan Naseer argues that despite the strained geopolitical climate in South Asia, normalizing relations with  India c… 
Ledger wallets vulnerable for MiTM attack. Attack made easy as software is in user writable location (AppData). Google sh…
Russian MoD has performed a series of high-precision strikes at the positions of terrorists, from which Russia's Su-25… 
Brexit was the result of a massive working class vote
Let’s face it.  AnkitSaxena wouldn’t have been beheaded, had he not been a Hindu. So stop calling it honour-killing and c… 
Nothing that contradicts Islam
My thanks for response to my first  video in a series on Graham Phillips. Watch &gt;  
After all he doesn't pay you to listen or to work for him
Here’s my little homemade flag for my poster I’m making for the Kurds! Who are under attack by Erdogan and Turkey!  Af…
Feb 3 - Tehran,  Iran 
⛔ISIS
Listen to What is Islam?
Please don't find the balance
Jihad, Islamization, Drought. Nigeria does Not exist.   
Abdullah Ibn Umar was a young Sahabi who became a leading scholar of Islam. Many of the Sahaba who became scholars were from the youth
He doesn't have ny concerns 4 men nd his family who hav been in jail due 2  FakeCases.No voice against…
How to survive a terrorist attack, pa  one | WIRED UK   
-- because she was talking about her assault that led to rape and not someone else's experience
FOU H VOTING ATTACK OF THE DAY!
Watch this clip of jihadists using MANPAD to down Syrian jet few weeks ago.
s:  SAvIND
hey Aaron i heared that you are an atheist and a straight-edge person and i respect that
In  Germany,this potential  terrorist in suit who found refuge in the country, justifying his hate towards those wh…   
AyaanHirsiAli   However uncomfo able free speech about Islam may be for some people, enforcing silence on the subj…   
And you’re the guy who tweeted after the Manchester terror attack that our security forces allowed it to happen to help th…
ISRAEL  BUSINESS M&amp;A:MORE on Israeli  flavours and ingredients maker Frutarom..bought 100% of Israeli  Biotech Res…  
The runner ups of the Zalmi World Cup have clearly put together a ferocious and fiery batting order, coupled with a…   
b…
1- Turkish Armed Forces has sta ed the  OperationOliveBranch to protect border security, to deactivate PKK/KCK/PYD-YPG a… 
So we just gonna pretend like we never seen that text message from madison in a chat named “isis queen”
This is what criminal  Russian pilots do in  Syria
30+ members of the  Ahmadiyya Muslim Community UK will be travelling to Cardiff from today, to be pa  of…   00xv 
2-  OperationOliveBranch has sta ed in accordance with various decisions of the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) a…
massive attack sex porn bookmark  
Menstruation has several health benefits such as the natural cleansing of our bodies to improve health. We get to go 1-2…
Opposition to US rises in Iran for Trump&amp; 39;s anti JCPOA rhetoric   Iran  JCPOA  Eurasia_Review   
Without a shred of evidence Jacob Rees Mogg continues to accuse Treasury officials of breaking the civil service code.…
Pakistani Taliban claim attack that killed 11 soldiers  
This is precisely why it was a terrible decision to allow Islam on to our continent. We can only expect much blood.
Listen to What is Islam?
Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack   via  
Pete ownsend7: Questioning Islam' by Peter Townsend.  Muslim  tcot 
During his State of the Union address, President Trump announced that he has signed an executive order to keep the pri… 
Easy to bash the supposedly   evil   Wells Fargo when you're backed by their rival Citigroup, to critique AT… 
Seven Turkish soldiers die in Syria, including five in tank attack  realnews  livenews  breakingnews  latestnews…   
urnerAU    …  
Don’t do it Kathy, I hear when you try the hijab you magically get telepo ed to Agrabah.   
The attack on the village of al Ghayil killed a total of 25 civilians. US Apaches backed up the SEALs &amp; fired at anyth…
“I’ve been thinking about it this morning, all this terrorism is same - anti-Semitic, supremacist, hate-based, nazi/fascist… 
ipl   BANvsSL Lakshan Sandakan [14.0-1-55-1] is back into the attack
In a relegation battle and need to realise quick...its alright saying we’ll be better when injured players are back…  
Syrian Army captures several areas after intense battle with  ISIS in no heast  Hama    Syria
It’s Yoongi Day! I need to indulge us all with a thread of my man! 🖤👌🏻 You’ve been warned... I have material that will…
Are you stupid? Your period is literally your body getting rid of waste. Would you perform acts of worship while go…  
cybersecurity in  Israel see the record numbers  
VOTE ATTACK 🔥
Judging by Matthew Parris' personal attack on him the Tory Remainers evidently see   as a very effective thre…
in FULL ATTACK MODE against USA's First Lady    MAGA
God never promised they wouldn’t build the weapons, and that you wouldn’t be under attack. just that no weapon that…   
Yet more and more people are finding out about the founder of Islam Muhammad and realising…  
26 Jan |  Merseyside | Why We Need An Anti-War Government    Liverpool  War  Labour  
Vs the attack of Kane Ali and Lucas just to make a few 🤭
Oxford professor of Islamic studies charged with raping two women -    
A so called civilian in  Afrin
Along with Gerry Baker and Tommy Gemmell a formidable attack force ...had the privilege to watch them all play.  
Now many Hindus r not proud of their religion; many of them feel Islam &amp; Christianity r great! Is it not time 4 conce …
Just because they aren't very bright terrorists doesn't mitigate criminal action and civil damages they're liable for. htt…
So not only is Rose mcgowen a freaking bigoted terf, she also boosts the conspiracies of 4chan frogboys... Because she's suc… 
Trump is right -- He and his campaign were victims of a political attack by the Justice Depa ment and FBI | Fox Ne…  
Bored now of this impotent posturing. Watch the weaselly agent erasure with that passive verb phrase:   needs to be stopped… 
Dear men and women and all genders in between:
Terrorist propaganda using a hacked account to avoid suspension. Please remove.    
Afrin Day 16: 'If terrorists do not leave Manbij, troops will move into the city' - Turkey |    
There is no such thing as Islamophobia, this was invented by Muslim Brotherhood which we don't want in Canada and they… 
Listen to What is Islam?
He exposed the doublespeak by Muslim Brotherhood leaders in France who talk about coexistence and tolerance in Fren…  
Join me for some INTENSIVE PHOTOGRAPHY WORKSHOPS as I visit LAHORE &amp; KARACHI this month! Register here:  
Fight who? Anyways, we are headed for a New Nigeria where terrorists will be put in their place and not be granted audience b… 
“Mr. Secretary, ISIS is not our No. 1 threat. […] The Kurds have been and will continue to be until we win. And we will… 
Watch out about TT in Islam by Mr   Sir. It’s very impo ant for all. Thanks sir.   
Kurdish  YPG destroy Turkish tank in no hern  Afrin (photos)    Syria  Turkey
Iran Teachers Union Protests Repression Aimed At Silencing Educators  WomensRights  IranProtests    HumanRightsD…
And so was MI 6..but at the end of the day, the harm is,that some house representatives are doing more har…   
kpop stan twitter hating and bashing on idols bc one or a few of their fans are being problematic or trolling is truly the ug…
why is it running towards the camera like that why is it tryna attack me???
This sounds like a stupid question but I'm going to ask anyway, can 20 year olds get sleep apnea? Isn't that like a…   
30+ members of the  Ahmadiyya Muslim Community UK will be travelling to Cardiff from today, to be pa  of  Discove rueIsl… 
ISRAEL  EVENTS  STA UP: EILAT:FEB 6: Eilat Hub and Sta Up GrindGil-Ad NovellusDx CEO &amp; Co-Founder ..
Hey everyone, put down that juul, skip that game of fo nite, and call your damn grandparents. I just called my grandma a… 
What a waste. 137 years in jail. Under sharia of Islam 100 lashes + 1 year of expulsion. After that he gets to prac…  
exactly! not only they don't form their own, personal opinion, but they attack or ignore whoever has a…   
Jigglypuff ♂ Feint Attack/Disarming Voice (IV: 89% - CP: 585 - L: 30 until 04:27:06am.  
The  Daesh TangoDown Daily is out!    isis  iraq
“Without the sacrifices of the Peshmerga victims on the frontline of the battle against ISIS, ISIS probably would be big… 
the most humble person on ea h, the role model of Islam 
lett   izO  …
No. Islam is based on the Koran, a book with incitement to commit atrocities on nearly every page, allegedly dictat…   
Combatting terrorism and extremism - Prevent train the trainer events for professionals 27th Feb…  
Case is settled: The woman's brother admits that she blew herself up. Body resembles some cases of ISIS suicide bombing gon…
Most people who are familiar with Islam (  being just one of many) believe this can't be don…  
who the fuck do you think you are? may be the SC verdict is a sign for your grave time near! we are ready to…
11 security personnel were killed, 13 injured when a  suicidebomber blew himself up near military camp in…   
I just watched the   they showed a clip of the fracas yesterday which is intended to totally mislead viewers. Why…
Oh you know the meme it's all cool then. I sexually identify as an attack helicopter lmao
I have no words. I grew up liking 5sos for their music and because they were so funny and cute. I am 20 now. Still…  
NargessMohammadi's tale of a thousand and one nights in prison and away from her children. She is imprisoned for telling…
Hi  =  This PR, it’s a  humanity &amp;  Justice case  thaarjustice  LovinLeeds  SOUTHYORKSBIZ  SocialMediaMarketing  YORKSHIREIS  … 
having social anxiety but also being an outgoing person is such a hard mix like am I gonna walk up to this group of people…
true and da reason is we as a nation don't know Islam as it is bt we take da word of dese mullahs instead. It's r fault.
When I asked Syrian insurgent lobbyist Charles Lister about his Gulf backers, he tried to dodge by claiming he was funde… 
SA's Plan to Attack Indian Spinners Backfiring on themselves  SAvIND
Could This Handwriting get more than 2,000 Retweet? 
CALLING ALL ARMYS 🌎🌍🌏
ISIS not represent Islam..
The damage is insidious. Apa  from the evident physical damage to a state's resources, the psychological one to a society's… 
Lmfaoo  
By the Grace of God Almighty, today marked the 1st ever Voice of Islam Conference 
A footage shows how  Iranian  Sufis are resisting front of  IRGC which came to arrest Mr. Noor Ali  Tabandeh (Grand master o…
OBAMA TO THE US MUSLIM CITIZENS (You're not Muslim or American. You're Muslim and America…  
As internal displacement crisis in  Syria grows due to  Idlib /  Afrin offensives
.  What I have just heard you say on Sky News, doubling down and escalating your attack on the Civil Servi… 
Thi y-nine years of bloodshed and crimes, discriminations against and suppression of women, repression and censorship i… 
THIRD VOTING ATTACK OF THE DAY! We have to work harder to win. Please vote, Niall deserves it! 
Russian fighter jet shot down in Syria’s Idlib -    Russian Sukhoi-25 ground-attack aircraf...  
South African batting attack really struggle against wrist spinners
Woah! 😢😢😭😭😭😭  
Kenya: Family pledges ransom to  AlShabaab to release their son captured in 15 Jan 2016 El Adde attack  
The invasion of  Ambazonia by terrorists sent by Biya in connivance with FRANCE and the   to perform ethnic cleansing. The…
Over 100,000 Saudi women apply for Passpo  Control jobs 
If the couple are married in the UK they must have a UK divorce. All the council will d…  
ZXPN News | It’s when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack   
Very poor from SA captain wanted to attack Kuldeep from his 1st bowl and lost his wicket straight away, 2 qui…   
.  just admit I owned you and   in your ridiculous   attack style   interview and your fallback position w… 
Poland restricts freedom of speach!    …  
Second top story. This is a disgraceful missuse of public cash by BBC Scotland which is clearly being used as a pla…  
iTikoo  …  
ers:   We are not hooligans or terrorists   
Delighted that I’m being filmed/interviewed later today around my views on the Manchester arena attack and what the…  
WARNING: The ACLU has a Jihadist, Faiz Shakir, as National Political Director who hates America!  AllahuAkbar 
My white/non Muslim status is privileged.
Hea  attack  TeamEXO  SoompiAwards  TwitterBestFandom  
It just gets worse...
JUSTICERISING
but i m sure intolerant community would have reacted in just the opposite way.for me it was pure terrorism.
How can they trust the US with intelligence now? How can they trust us not to let Russia attack them? W…  
This   dashboard of Alexis Sánchez’s performance vs Huddersfield is his entire game in microcosm
⚠CALLING ALL ARMYs⚠
war
No. It is the ugly face of Islam showing its extreme hatred towards   idolaters   

Melania warned everyone. If you attack Trump he punches back at you 10 times as hard. She should know an…  
That's y Islam is never in suppo  of music even those who sing D so call good music usually dedic…  
football: Jurgen Klopp's attack 🔥
BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION-DIRECTOR investigate how did the naga  NSCN assam  BODO manipur  ULFA terrorists g…  
World should stop  genocide of islamic version of  Hitler in  Afrin as fast as possible,  tomorrow will be too late!  P… 
BELGIUM - ATTEMPTED CAR JIHAD!
:  SSH Possible SSH attack from 122.194.76.132  
Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack  
🗞 |  CNN claims  Turkish border guards are shooting at  Syria|n refugees
Turning the  American public against anyone with ties to  Russia is one step away from turning the American public…  
Liverpool Maya Bar attack: Three quizzed over murder  
Miss u too😚 love ya!!
498A legal terrorism Ma yrs of Marriage. A law made to save life
Get you a man who suppo s and is there for you when you’re going through an anxiety attack
Fantastic Fem Jean from Attack on Titan by Mangoe. Photo by JwaiDesign…  
Europe and the West were overjoyed when the Kurds sacrificed themselves to fight  ISIS so as to keep the West free from Isl…
In  Germany,this potential  terrorist in suit who found refuge in the country, justifying his hate towards those who are fi… 
Anything forced instead of taught will never be received well by a person.
We stand in a solidarity with  Douma victims gas have been used 3 times in one month
I liked a   video   Acid Attack: How My Friend Was Found Guilty Of Attacking Me
hope swat the beautiful doesn't go back in the hands of terrorists
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Dazzling Gleam (IV: 93% - CP: 595 - L: 30 until 04:25:04am.  
hea  attack

Which opening combination is better?
y: The TRUTH WILL BLOW YOU AWAY!!
It seems the US is reinforcing the SDF/US positions in and around Manbij. Unlike Turkey's conscripts, and their FSA ji… 
One prisoner, who served time in Brixton in 2015, said in a signed statement that inmates conve ed to Islam for protec… 
Did ‘at least 50,000’ Nigerians die from terrorism in 2017, as Fani-Kayode said?   great work :   
.  The Republicans live in an alternate reality. They want to turn everything into a personal attack and they’r…
Abdel brings the Game of Thrones theme to the streets of  Baghdad  
蜈
Now you understand why any Islamic nation did not show any interest in allowing, not even one refugee into th… 
Can the Jihadi gang of  explain why should one not call them for intel…
No mention here that the same IDF warplanes have been flying air cover for ISIS in the Golan Heights by bombing Ass…  
Israeli Army to Hold Largest Paratroop Drill in Years Amid Heightened Tensions in the No hern border controlled by  Hez…
Iran: The Nationwide Protests, on the Eve of the Anniversary of 1979 Revolution    iran 
🆘🆘🆘 MASS ATTACK NOW !
ML The Best Cyclops Magic attack  
Shay Brennan who scored two goals  his debut in the next game also contributed. Denis Law was there too. I had work…  
bamgxxxperience is literally a snack attack lol  
I don't negotiate with terrorists
cOMENTENNNNNNNN Y USEN EL HT FAMILIAAAAA
Incredible!
im having a hea  attack  
It's When, Not If: Singapore Worries, And Prepares, For Terror Attack வழியாக 
Sometimes its difficult to pick, who has more fragile batting againt quality bowling?  pakistan  SouthAfrica or  WestIndies 
Pakistan targets terrorist hideouts in Kunar, Afghanistan after Swat attack, claimed by Afg-based TTP. 
[BREAKING] Many killed
Tehran’s Friday, Feb 2 Prayer leader - Ahmad Khatami - threatened those who pa icipated in  IranProtests with the death p… 
No: 35, 4 February 2018, Press Release Regarding the Terrorist Attack in Swat, Pakistan    breakingnews 
Jadu Uncle, the act of ruthless beheading of kafirs has it's genesis in the ce ain preachings in Islam, which have been wide… 
Is there proof he loved her.  
I was super stressed to where I even had a panic attack. I decided to listen to some BTS, and I feel so much better…   
Who/What is Dajjal?
* Attack three huge business problem areas in just 30 days    
imagine having to torch yourself to avoid being raped  
Kat Tolentino's attack goes through!
why would shawn attack me so early
They are the most hypocritical fanbase saying  jasam fans bash Kelly which is not true when…
This war criminal/terrorist should have been put in a bagram and waterboarded so he can get a taste of what he dish…  
Somalia: Senator Qeybdid says his life in danger, after 33 days the govt has taken no legal action against the officers beh… 
DOJ prosecutors used video evidence of Antifa plotting to plant butyric acid at National Press Club and chain down DC M…
Taliban bomber kills 11  soldiers in  Pakistan's Swat Valley
Aiding Egypt, Israel conducted ‘over 100 airstrikes’ against ISIS in Sinai   
Justin just said   Fuck Vets, welcome ISIS   
NY Times: Israel pounds ISIS in Egypt through 'secret alliance' with Cairo:  
Syria Christians hold first prayer in years in ravaged  DeirEzzor church. Via  
My bi hday ..... hmm....
Strongly condemn the cowardly terrorist attack in Swat. My hea  goes out to the families of brave Jawans who embraced…
From political worker to senator to wannabee gangster and now in jail for threatening SupremeCou  judges, thr families… 
Padma Vibhushan Shri Sharad Pawar: “No government has right to interfere with Islamic laws related to triple talaq” (since th…
Surprisingly got flagged on  GitHub while creating “gists” from own DAICO sma  contract code for today’s post on Medium.  …
As promised, I did it on my bi hday, it feels so liberating to burn the  hijab. And I am doing that in solidarity to  Iran… 
Disappointing. The Bulgarians seem to have caved to pressure from top EU states - esp France - not to say Hezbollah committe…
Rap Attack
israil  Med  Zentiva  ilac  Cola  Fanta  Ariel  Alo  Calgon  Cif  Clear  Nivea  Rinso  Yumos  Persil  Tursil  Vernel  Sana…
I’ll just let this highly trained army dog attack me
Homo-capensis specie Luciferian Satanist globalists want to bring in Illuminati NWO communist government &amp; poor sla…  
Killing has two dimension - first if u r killing for cow then it can create chaos award wapsi media ea hquake etc…  
Iranian Americans call for  FreeAllProtesters in  Iran  
Liverpool bar attack: Three men arrested over murder of Anthony Condron  Hea News    
Justin would make a great leader for Saudi Arabia, except that Saudi Arabia won’t take any returned ISIS Jihadis. I wonder… 
Displaced by  Russia &amp;  Assad genocidal regime.
You are little better than a terrorist suppo er signalling approval for the murderous activi…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
s Another bunch of bloodthirsty Islamic idiots hoping to annihilate the Jews for 1400 years already. Is…  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
Bad journalism in Nigeria. Isn’t this picture of Capital Science Academy students in ABUJA???  
like I've always said, it's the Devil you don't know, that gets you with a sneak attack. 🐍 
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
line: Just got first place in  PUBG for the first time, was about to have a panic attack.  Holy crap. 
Five Turkish troops are killed in an attack on a tank during Turkey’s Operation Olive Branch in Syria’s Afrin regio…  
Oh do fuck off you twat.
Netflix wants you to believe fraternities are an evil on par with ISIS.  
Chinese investors attack bestselling financial author they blame for ‘40 billion yuan losses’  
16yr old jihadist on bail after admitting terror charges arrested again - British Police putting lives at risk…  
Islamabad Global insight in 1 hand site:BinLaden nab- Did  Pakistan aid or did its distrust    
I call on the International Community to adopt effective and binding measures to end suppression of and discrimination a…
1-Attack On Bangtan
Imagine ya hubby into that handcuffing shidd and handcuffs you to da bed at yalls lake house isolated AF and boom he has a he…
Advice to women too  
Google News FULL RSS Generator, create Google News full rss from your keyword…   
WorldNow: Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdag says 932 terrorists have been neutralised so far during…  
ICCPR Legally bound  IRAN to protect  CivilRights &amp;  HumanRightsDefenders  signed &amp; ratified on April 04, 1968 &amp; June 24,… 
Venezuelas most-wanted rebel shared his story, just before death   
I strongly condemn the arrest of 29 of my countrywomen for not wearing the veil. I urge human and women’s rights advocat…
…
Seems a confirmation of 'undeclared truce' repo ed by  Idlib activists.
It couldn’t be stated more clearly. Thank you   
Second top story. This is a disgraceful missuse of public cash by BBC Scotland which is clearly being used as a platform fo…
MT   Armed masked men raided VDC- HR lawyer Razan Zaitouneh &amp; colleagues were kidnapped.
Terrorism, Lone-wolf, domestic terrorism, sovereign citizen groups | Drupal   
thanks bro!  
Few months ago, I revealed a  I Information with Details about the huge number of Pakistanis who visited to India via Missi… 
YPG terrorists continue cross-border attacks, targeting civilians in Turkey    breakingnews 
'My Daughters Are the Heroes.' Father of 3 Victims Apologizes for Trying to Attack Larry Nassar  
Islamic State  Khurasan Province ( ISKP/ Daesh) repo edly engaged in clashes with Pakistani based  Lashkar_e_Islam group…
What does it say about the GOP that they'd go all in with Nunes and Page to save Trump, a man who would attac… 
This is why there can be no rehabilitation for returning ISIS fighters to Canada.
Either you attack or defend in the entire game, you can concede in the last minutes. 
Our crowdfunding campaign for our youth opera about terrorism’s impact is live! Please visit,   and share widely. Oh,… 
Iraq executes 38 members of Isis, al-Qaeda for 'terrorism' | IOL News   
PacificastNewsfeed | It’s when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack   
Islamic appeasement is resulting in animal cruelty &amp; we have an RSPCA who must be condoning this in exchan…
like I've always said, it's the Devil you don't know, that gets you with a sneak attack.. 
To mitigate the man in the middle attack vector repo ed here   (affecting all hardware wallet vendors)…
Suppo  for  Kurds in  Italy.  
First of the year! 🎵🎧
BreakingNews Feb 4 - Tehran,  Iran More footage of the Dervish Gonabadi community resisting attacks by security fo…   
Wishing you a peaceful Sunday from  Damascus. A lasting solution to end the crisis in  Syria sta s with ALL pa ies all…
The  IRGC forces attacked to Mr. Noor Ali Tabandeh's home (Grand master of  Iranian  Sufis   Daravish Gonabadi  ) to arrest hi… 
I'll just place this here and slowly walk away.  
Army hunts down Daesh (ISIS) terrorists in Hama countryside    fakenews
Translation: You wasted one Padma Vibhushan on me 😂  
After this tweet by Maryam Safdar there should be no ambiguity in anyone’s mind where the orders are coming from to attac…
I think darren Osborne could come into that also!  
Where does Quran says that if men dont control themselves, then let women wander naked? 
Ahmadiyya Muslim Community  Hyderabad presented various Islamic literature to High Cou  Judges, Advocates and Jurists.  Mu… 
The right is using the Nunes memo to call for the Mueller investigation to end, arguing that it “proves” the investiga… 
I attack Allah.
Pakistani Taliban claim attack that killed 11 soldiers  
Tender for Reconstruction Of The Heat Bridge In Anbar Province
Freedom  SaudiArabia  
Terrorist Manan Wani who was doing terrorism n recruiting Kashmir boys in the valley for terrorism with the help of technolo…
The only real attack Ive felt in the pa y has been from some Labour rightwingers
Exactly, Linda is first and foremost a  Palestinian, she campaigns for destruction of  Is… 
The common attack on liberals is that they are socialists.  The flawed syllogism is the notion that socialism and communis…
Most Jihad is done w/ $$ and persuasion.   .com  BillWarnerPhD  
Why was my  book constantly hacked? Is there something inside the pages that  SIS doesn't want you to know...Read it to u…
List of Islamic Terror Attacks  
Our bowling attack that time 😭😭😭😭😭
The darkest Sleeping Beauty you'll ever meet. Completely on Wattpad!
30 Days Practical of Namaz | Best islamic Bayyan about namaz:   via  
And Russian planes returned to the area and made them pay dearly. I want the US out of Syria. We need to st…
That's one way to stop a counter-attack... 😂  
/chokespits/ YOUR CHUNK OF A TWEET GAVE ME A HEA  ATTACK... /wheezes
That awkward moment when there's a terrorist attack in Europe but the terrorist is a white racist so   doe…
OBAMA TO THE US MUSLIM CITIZENS (You're not Muslim or American. You're Muslim and American…  
The risk of hea  attack is six times higher within the first seven days of a confirmed influenza diagnosis, according to @… 
Fox News:
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
I wouldn't want to say Lizzie Dearden was biased or had an agenda, but her number of tweets per terrorist speaks volum… 
I would abolish Islam as I perceive it to be the most damaging. I don’t like the control it has ove…  
From Darkness to Light!    Hungary  Syria  Palestine  Israel  Iran  European  Europe
I would be happy if my team didn't get any better but one more 15 attack 98 or a hundo would help.  
Iran: The Nationwide Protests, on the Eve of the Anniversary of 1979 Revolution 
So cuteee😍😍 i have hea  attack!!!!
The Freako-Scum Terrorists published pictures of the killed Russian Pilot’s Gun and ammo. Note: One ammo clip is empty - h…
Deal  Syria  
I've just been reading all about the  Iran arrests of women protesting about compulsory hijab wearing - this older lady cap…
Every two minutes the police are called out for DV
Verses Holy Quran Book Pendant Necklace Allah Islamic Arabic Sura A  Gold Tone Great offer    
A Turkey-backed Free Syrian Army (  FSA) fighter stands guard on top of a building in  Sawran village, Syria.…   
inYeldham   Criticising Islam is not against…  
Israel  Arutz  NEWS  broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Ashdod municipality windows smashed over Shabbat fines  
islamic study:   via  
To Allah we belong and to him we shall return. On this blessed day of Friday my beloved grandmother passed away. May Alla…
It seems  Bluehand have a lot in common with ISIS.  
Global Acknowledgement of Rising Pakistan | Promised &amp; Delivered
Trudeau Compares ISIS Fighters to Greek, Italian, Po uguese Immigrants - Trudeau's Stupidity Can Excuse A Lot Of Things He Doe… 
slam’s family system brings the rights of the husband, wife, children, and relatives into a fine equilibrium.  islam  allah 
AMERICAN ISRAELI ZIONISM LIES PENTAGON MOST INTERESTED SUPPLIERS OF WEAPON TO INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM IN SYRIA AND…  
Jones: Nitric oxide key to preventing hea  attack    hea disease
My god,people sick of Muslim attacks band together and immediately become far right terrorists.if our government an…   
Russia’s concern is its power and its standing on the world stage. “They’re positioning themselves,” Kozyrev warned. “Don’… 
Is this an ad hominem attack?
Three Iranian Christians are due to appear before Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Cou  today to appeal against their 2017 convicti…
Truth is bitter and sometime people ignore the for financial reason .. Do we believe Islam is a religion of...  
Oil from sunken  Iranian tanker may have reached  Japan shores: Coast Guard  india  foxnews  US
It's not a crime to you because it's not happening to your country. Maybe don't harbor suspected ISIS…  
So you are saying, because I don't wear a hijab.. I can't be a Muslim. 
Horrified to know that 11 of our brave soldiers embraced ma yrdom &amp; many injured in Swat suicide attack.Hea felt…  
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
3. Also, let's not forget  's stunning investigation which revealed that Weinstein and his attorneys hired ex-Mossad… 
Kinahan gang to be investigated by FBI and DEA as they plot joint crackdown on mob  
hope swat the beautiful doesn't go back in the hands of terrorists
IdahoHoneyPot: Shields UP!!  Telnet incoming Telnet attack from 186.235.176.48  
Alaska Is Under Attack From The Trump - Shared from   tLwkx82m. [   
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
DanFox Boyfriend of  StellaCreasy &amp; who sent  JackieWalker racist/abusive texts. Dan Fox ex Director of…  
Denel Rooivalk VS T129 ATAK, Attack Helicopter specifications    avgeek  video  aero 
Israel  EURONEWS  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Israeli soliders fatally shoot Palestinian teen in West Bank…  
Israel  EURONEWS  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Rival rallies highlight migrant tensions in German city - Fe…  
Get ready for FIP Everything Burns 2018 on Friday, Feb 2nd at   with the latest  WWNFreebie feat.   vs… 
Nigeria  news - Breaking: Seven killed in Nasarawa reprisal attack  
…  
Queen Elizabeth has begun claiming she is a direct descendent of Prophet Muhammad, the founder of Islam, and has instru… 
Questions About US Aid to  Pakistan Put Focus on Military's Spending  
Injured son ID’s father charged in Las Vegas stabbing - Prosecutors charged Marcus Maddox, 30, with attempted murde…   
Singapore prepares for terrorist attack  
Singapore prepares for terrorist attack  
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
Singapore prepares for terrorist attack  
The Middle East expe  predicts that if nothing is done, European countries such as France, Denmark and Belgium wil…   
Turk logic...you invade neighbour country w intention to colonize it and drive out original inhabitants, replace them w AQ… 
Unforgettable!  
The runner ups of the Zalmi World Cup have clearly put together a ferocious and fiery batting order, coupled with a sharp… 
Ledger Addresses Man in the Middle Attack That Threatens Millions of Hardware Wallets    Bitcoin  
In the last two centuries, foreign forces and agents have sought to justify or maintain their presence in the West Asia r… 
My mum was supposed to be booking a day off to go with her on an appointment and was scared to tell h…  
Israel has no right to interfere with the Polish government’s legislative proceedings - said cofounder of Beit War…  
Revelations of personal life by scorned ex wife of a political leader before elections to inflict political
Bitter truth about you:
Spinners doing magic again. Makram was in desperation to attack Kuldeep on his first ball and ended up with sending…  
It's  no coincidence at that the   prophecies   of Islam also talk of a 7-year rule of Antichrist, as the  Bible does.   
Freedom....  
Country put on right track, says PM Abbasi in Chitral    Pakistan 
As far as I know, this is first news of Al-Masdar about MFS in a positive way. Interesting!   
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
Qatar has rejected the evidence presented against Iran by  SaudiArabia,  UAE and  Bahrain which proves its involvement… 
No. No they're not.  Ove hetop  calmdown  
I've just posted a new blog: Khutbat Islamic Urdu Book Ministry of Religious Affairs Pakistan…  
19 killed in terrorist attack on conce  in Manchester, UK | Public Radio International   
Beautiful. O hodox Christian Syrians celebrate their first holy mass in nearly four years at the Church of Virgin Mary in S…
iTikoo Muslim women are prohibited from marrying non-Muslim men by Islamic *law*.  This is legally enforced into many Is…
5 Min Meditation:
DUBAI:  Dubai Islamic Bank issues $1bn Islamic bond  
And the common attack is done by civic deficient nitwits that can’t even define what the commons of government are.
No love with  PTI, but very cheap of  PMLN, coining   to attack  's personal life. This trend has to… 
Rapey McRapey with more thoughts of the day.. 🙄
Massive Russian air strikes have killed at least 30 militants in no hwest  Syria, where a Russian fighter jet was shot… 
Oxford professor charged with raping two women  
South Korea  Best Channel
Iranian Christians Appeal Convictions By Islamic Cou  - RadioFreeEurope/RadioLibe y  
Islam says that…  
OBAMAGATE- WORST SCANDAL IN AMERICA’S HISTORY! OBAMA MUST HAVE BELIEVED THAT BY STAYING ON ATTACK HE WOULD SKATE FR…  
Sometimes its difficult to pick, who has more fragile batting againt quality bowling?  pakistan  SouthAfrica or…   
political correctness attack ballad in aged society?
Tomi needs an Acid attack !  
Islam Slimani hatrick followed by Rafa calmly removing his glasses and putting them in his inside jacket pocket tomorrow away a…
Obama has done EVERYTHING possible to make Christians a minority in America…and,Abe is doing the same thing in Japan  ISIS  Isl… 
They dint expect “Jesus Christ “ At the last hour to put Trump in the House, now they are going to p…   
coffee
seriously 🙄  
Most beautiful moment of the  IranianWomen movement. The brave  grandma protests against compulsory  hijab. She hardly walks…
KEY POINT  3: When Nunes invoked a House rule not used in 40 years to attack Steele; when GOP senators referred Steele fo…
What's up with this wholesale slaughter of humans in  Nigeria  Zoo while Islamic cow herders trample farm land, raping &amp; commi… 
Did  Pakistan create the Daesh terrorist threat in  Afghanistan to make its Taliban proxies look moderate by comparison? …
You don’t hold Labour to account very much. No doubt this weeks attack on JRM will be brush…  
It’s when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack 
Biafrans who r also Christians r being decimated in Nigeria by d  violent Fulani herdsmen bokoharam jihadist suppo ed Nig…
my stupid ass bd 🚮 mf be hu  af  
Jailed  SaudiArabia  blogger   sent his message on the fifth day of violent anti-government  protests in  I…
Will always remember these brave men who refused orders to shoot protesters and turned their guns on the Assad regime.  S…
Taliban  Bomber  Kills 11  Soldiers in  Pakistan’s Swat Valley:   
Is this click bait for terrorists?
Leakin James Comey who testified under oath that he secretly leaked 7 memos, 4 classified, actually has the chutzpah to a… 
Mystery shrouds  Muslim lawyer's assassination in  Myanmar
SWAT Team Takes Out ISIS Bomber As He Was Detonating Explosives - Blue Lives Matter  
IRAN  MohammadAliTaheri is Research Scholar and  PrisonerOfConscience  NOT CRIMINAL We demand…
More like genocide than abuse.  auspol  israel  Palestine  LestWeForgetPalestine  
While You Are Tweeting About the Nunes Memo, Russia Is Plotting Its Midterms Attack 
VigilPatriot tweeted - Most Jihad is done w/ $$ and persuasion.     
In 10 or 20 years, some of the European countries will be home to an Islamic movement that will 'only' serve as kin…   
She needs to prove more than that. Why loyal to Palestinian Islamic jihad and not to Ireland and democratic Israel?…  
…  
Officer Shoots, Kills German Shepherd After Vicious Attack In Oakland   
OBAMA'S 'CULTURAL TERRORISM' LEFT TRUST DEFICIT ABROAD
Pakistan
February 3, 2018 | No h  Syria map update 
hea  attack  TwitterBestFandom
Again, trying to attack personal character like you did the…   
Man, 18, Repeatedly Raped Woman At Gunpoint and Is Only Jailed for 20 Years   
I stand with Kathy. Free women we  know the truth about this submission accessory. Ask to Iranian women.  
ّ'We are freezing...we don't know what to do! We aren't used to this cold weather! The Iran regime gave us some leftove…

Hea  attack  TeamEXO  SoompiAwards  TwitterBestFandom  
Waking up too early in the morning can increase a person's risk of a hea  attack &amp;amp; stroke
Pakistan ..any comments???  
Paul Ryan deleted this tweet. I think I know why (and why we may see it in a Democratic attack ad)...  
sometimes i forget my mother put windchimes in our house and i have a hea  attack at 3am
The latest Independent Research Network Daily!    geopolitics  syria
How minority involvement in crime rising day by day 90% crime occurred by Muslim person in Assam    
Every day there isn't a mass shooting, a terrorism incident, or a bad ea hquake I consider a huge success.  TwoThousan… 
As soon as anybody suggest that we  FundOutNHS properly, the Tory media go on the attack and say   we cannot afford it.   But… 
India is suffering from the cancer of Jihad and Islamic extremism for past 1000  years. A lobectomy was performed i…  
📣  Ottawa,  Canada:  Iranian resistance suppo ers call for  RegimeChange in  Iran. 📣 
rump   Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
RogueState  Israel emboldened by   immoral decisions &amp;limitless suppo  4its breaches of international la…
boy i was not prepared for him to attack me with his gorgeous voice at seven in the morning
If Islam was to be the ultimate law of Pakistan, why Quaid chose a Hindu to be its first law minister? Weren't Muslims available? 
sapsEC Po  Elizabeth: The Cluster Commander for Mount Road, Maj Gen Thembisile Patekile has welcomed the swift ar…   
NEW BIG Islam Muslim Bangle Bracelet Platinum Plated Stainless Gift Allah Quran Great value    
The only religion that allows women to inherit their father’s prope y. Have a say in…
Exactly Danny. This crazed bunch malign and attack the “Expe s”, the…   
BBC News - Liverpool Maya Bar attack: Three quizzed over murder  
Defence to Attack. Out and out workrate.   's Luciano Gonzalez goes 200 metre's to score last ditch winner…
Turkey to move into Manbij if PYD/PKK does not leave
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
I don’t think she deliberately arranges an acid attack though.
Denel Rooivalk VS T129 ATAK, Attack Helicopter specifications    avgeek  video  aero 
.  ownsend7 More like Teter Pownsend
Tick tick “liberals” let’s see how you’re treated under sharia law in your own country’s 😂😂😂😂🍿  
Tale of horror: Five  College  Students in  Hospital after night of  GangRape  Terror: 
So true  
TERROR NATION    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Jihad  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan
French daily  LeMonde calls  SaudiArabia's (&amp;  UAE’s) intervention in  Yemen since Mar ’15 a failure. (Editorial d…  
: So now  Harvard too gets involved in the evil  propaganda war against Syria.
tfw ur having an anxiety attack but u got a schedule to keep  
israel_: Two anti-Semites admiring a fantasy image of over 6 million Jews ethnically cleansed from their indigenous land. One's…
This is appalling: The   has endorsed the president’s cruel transgender military ban, against the stances of members… 
So did he give up his American Citizenship to move to Ireland yet?
ISIS fighter raped a dead  Yazidi girl after she suicided &amp; refused to be sex slaves under sharia law.the full story htt…
[1st set] Maraguinot’s attack gets denied by the net. FEU on a five point run.
Asaad how's you're cosy relationship with 'ISIS'  
Strongly condemn the suicide attack on the army spo s area in Swat.. Those who laid down their lives in the defence of the…
One expects better from you, Wajahat. 
Iran: 13  Homeless died in the cold last week  in  Tehran
We tried to go toe-to-toe with them. Didn't work. Got picked apa . Counter attack!
This is why I feel the way I feel about Israel.  
This South African ODI team is overrated.
And We will surely test you with something of fear and hunger and a loss of wealth and lives and fruits...   
Will   ever speak truth.  PMLN has  PM,  InteriorMinister,  FIA,  IB,  AtorneyGeneral and power to re…   
No one forced you to do anything lol don’t beg it. You chose to leave the religion yet you scream ex muslim like anyone even c…
All for SEVENTEEN!!!
Three  FSA group convoys entered Turkey for join to  OliveBranchOperation  OpAfrin  
Iran: another young  protester, Khaled Gheisari,  dies under to ure in prison in  Kermanshah 
Yes th is. But at the time I honestly thought I was having a hea  attack or something. Petrifying
Why are the police not arresting them??  
Both.
Sickening  
If you cared about democracy you would:
Domestic terrorism was almost exclusively Far Left for a decade from…  
AP: Pakistani Taliban claim attack that killed 11 soldiers
IRAN  MohammadAliTaheri is Research Scholar and  PrisonerOfConscience  NOT CRIMINAL We demand…
Captain tried to attack when we needed to build and now we crumbling  SAvsIND
HIGH ALE : Today's release of the  NunesHoax memo may precede the removal of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, an… 
If Hillary Clinton or Jeb❗️Bush were President right now, the southern border would be faced with an absolute stampede of i… 
We Want Peace!
not waking up to a panic attack after a pa y is so fuckin nice 💗💗
Just caught up on Spo . I really do not understand Arsenal. They'll be shit for 4-5 games, then out of nowhere wil…   
Chahal and kuldeep into the attack and game completely change..
After 36 years
MLK was killed after he inquired about blacks integrating into the job market.
Repairing the Zahira  Water Station in rural  Raqqa encourages civilians to return to their homes and avoid  challenges in  ca…
I’m having a panic attack  
When talking about marriage, Allah says your spouses are garments for you. A garment may or may not fit perfectly  but eith… 
Believe all that happens to you is for good. Even when Allah allows bad things to happen, there’s something good behind it.  Muslims  Islam 
No plan to conduct any  military  operations inside  Pakistan:  UnitedStates
Inn Shaa Allah we've compulsory to do suppo  to Islam
Amir
France jails Islamic scholar on rape charge, judicial source says 
bhansali made  khilji dance to his tune and  Muslims did not protest while  KarniSena slapped him for ma…  
First holy mass in  DeirEzzor celebrated by His Holyness Afram, the syrian o hodox patriarch for the first time in 5 year… 
GREAT!!!!
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Dazzling Gleam (IV: 93% - CP: 615 - L: 32 until 04:31:52am.  
So, we destroy  ISIS who caused  ChristianGenocide only to allow America's ally  Turkey &amp; savage  Erdogan to continue the… 
Singapore prepares for terrorist attack  
Ya Allah, Please protect us from ourselves. Most of our issues are because of our sinful desires, cleanse us and make u… 
Iran:  Tehran protest, chant of 'Death to the Dictator' IranProtests  IranUprising…   
Terrorists have no religion!
russian fucking uk sluts halloween isis taylor good pussy wild step dad schoolgirl cuckold interracial
Trump Signs Resolution Condemning Charlottesville ‘Terrorist Attack' - The Daily Beast  
Islamic Muslim Stainless Steel Men and Women Bracelet Bangle Shiny Silver plated Guaranteed!    
seriously 🙄  
The latest The Today Indya Daily!   Thanks to     israel  ukraine
8 years ago this February, I embraced the religion of Islam. I made a choice to completely change my lifestyle. It has bee… 
NobleQuote: If you don't understand some aspects of Islam, doesn't mean you  will sta  bashing it or calling it…   
of  Jihad Watch discusses  Islam  Terror in Canadian headlines and the world  
73 fallen soldiers: the tragic helicopter disaster. We remember them. (Photo of memorial to the fallen soldiers) https…
Illuminati Agenda 21 is to shove humans in small camps &amp; 99% of land belong to globalist elites:   Hunger Games   gla…   
Believe all that happens to you is for good. Even when Allah allows bad things to happen, there’s something good behind… 
The  Secret Will  BlowYouAway!
I know Liam can't see this
:  RDP Possible RDP attack from 64.118.82.156  
As a former U.S. Attorney and federal terrorism prosecutor with considerable FISA experience, I am more than just trouble… 
Govt MUST use ANTI-TERROR LAWS, TACTICS to investigate Wanjigi including forensic examinations of his guns 2 see wh…   
US ready to use nuclear weapons in case of non-nuclear attack
Bigots created severe misunderstanding between hindus&amp; muslims. Muslims under impressions that sang…  
Gonna regret that!  
Islamic Image Of The Day - Just Ne Piyaase Jigar Ko Thanda  
Turkish governal authorities call for jihad and reorganize all jihadist gangs against Kurdish secular territory Afrin
What Germans do today the rest of Europe will do tomorrow. Jai ho! Jai ho! Jai ho! Islam…  
Intolerances hv always bn Insane guys stayed in Islamabadi n Isaism.
Hugely honoured that eminent author-academic Amb Akbar Ahmed who I grew up reading n admiring has used my quote as…  
coward attack.  NDS,  RAW,  MOSSAD and  CIA are committing terrorism in Pakistan. But keep 1 thing…   
Imagine if this guy (God forbid) had carried out a terrorist attack,that's when this repo er will admit his Nigerian descent,… 
im out this bitch snowboarding today .. it's gonna be 2 hits .. me n the bros hitting the slopes n me hitting this juul…
Wow I haven’t had a panic attack like that in years. 😔😕
They meant just another lie from who organized the terrorism  
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
All together now.....FUCK OFF JON!  
बॉलीवुड_ने_बिगाड़ा_सतसंग_ने_सुधारा
Are you the same Beth employed by the council to be her Suppo  Officer?
The joy of  freedom
Hasn't happened yet, right?   
Suppo  for  Kurds in  Italy.  
“Both London and Washington are not pa  of the solution in Syria, they are pa  of the problem in Syria.” I discussed the i… 
Dr Ambedkar on Islam.    
New post: Singapore prepares for terrorist attack  
Outside Yemen's rebel-held  Capital,  Stalemated  War  Rages on -   -  News  Rebelheld  Yemens   
Someone complained about this tweet.
India.,25,2/4/2018 09:02,    When you misunderstood someone 
WE MUST PUT AN END TO CAIR NOW!!! THANK YOU SIR!!!  
Controversial plans for a new Islamic education centre in a heavily Hindu-populated area of city.
Don't Blam Islam!
Three  FSA group convoys entered Turkey for join to  OliveBranchOperation  OpAfrin  
AvivaKlompas: Early morning visit to Jerusalem’s Machane Yehuda market for coffee &amp; a stroll through the street a …
The Nation of Islam's annual Saviours' Day Convention will be hosted February 23-25, 2018 in Chicago, IL. The Honorable Mi… 
Syria war:  Turkey suffers deadliest day in  Afrin offensive  
yHariette: Instead of helping our homeless &amp; needy, they spend your donations bringing Islam to your door. 
Sis there was nothing wrong with the booth. You just wanted to sta  problems by tweeting “Are you trying to get women used to…
counter-barrage of peaceful Quran quotes expected. The issue is every religion has deeply contradictory quotes on violence. M…
Syrian  Kurds outraged over mutilated body of female fighter |  
Heejin calling her favorite dance move from Hea  Attack 'this dance move' and Chuu trying to explain it.
Oh I will keep Exposing the utter stupidity of Islam and its psychotic founder muhammad who as we…  
onFurniture:  
The huge Mu i at top of Sharika Parvat &amp; Pradyumna Peeth broken and Vandalised
I condemn the terror attack on security officials in  Swat. My hea ful condolences to the bereaved family members of Shuhad…
Is this FBI agent too stupid to understand he wasn't a political appointee?  No one is attacking the foot soldiers.…  
While brave Iranian women are risking life &amp; limb by ripping off the hideous
I added a video to a   playlist   Islamic song 2018 | shohid namer oi fuler mala | bangla new gojol 2018
And the Truth shall prevail.....
Steve Walsh is massively overrated as shown by him continuing this trend on at Eve on. I reckon the actual person who ‘foun…
Does anyone else have that mini hea  attack when your foot misses a step on the stairs?!! 😩🤣
Military veterans are set to take to the streets of Tyneside in a protest against terrorism
Most of the  Iranian  DVlottery  selectees have been told by the officers:   You don't have any problem, but you can…   
Israel sta s issuing depo ation notices to 38,000  Africa|n asylum seekers   
Boycott  Turkey's apa heid dictatorship unless it seeks peace with  Kurds and releases political prisoners immediately…
Number of ma yrs rises in Swat unit spo s area attack to 11 (rest in peace) Injured 13. This is by far the deadliest…
OBAMA TO THE US MUSLIM CITIZENS (You're not Muslim or American. You're Muslim and A…  
Syria Slams US Allegation on Chemical Weapons Use in Ghouta
“The ultimate goal is to help calm your body through really slow, deep breaths, which will send your body the message to c… 
Which one is more hateful? A harmless satirical game review with the dreaded N-word used jokingly? or a religious text…
Kashmiri Students Attack: Haryana Government Failed to Protect People: Owaisi  
ISIS leader Abu Bakr Al Baghdadi is a JEW   via  
Turkish governal authorities call for jihad and reorganize all jihadist gangs against Kurdish secular territory Afrin
All Driven by ISIS Terrorists!  
It terrifies me that the government is riding a wave of racism in order to keep and extend its tenuous grasp on pow…  
She'd soon change her tune if one of her family or friends was killed by an Islamist  
Attack on Bangtan
EXPOSED: BBC interview, the side you won't see, where they're called out for hiding terrorism from the public and c…   
BTW Salman Abedi was the son of Libyan   refugees   - father member of Libyan Islam…   
please don't attack yeri again... she's sick...
Nancy Pelosi unloads after Nunes memo with hysterical attack, drops sad conspiracy theory. 
Medical Profession Can Also Take You Very Near To Knowing Allah Deeply
TAGHRIBNEWS | Takfir, biggest threat against Islamic nation: Sunni scholar   
When you don't succeed you find someone to blame for your failure   
Occupy:  Exposing  FakeNews from the  Syrian War:
OBAMA TO THE US MUSLIM CITIZENS (You're not Muslim or American. You're Muslim and American)
BREAKING
Under Islam if the item is above 1/4 dinar off with his hand in public.
'First they will come for the Jews' is not an idle saying. Look around. See  Jewish identity under attack. See  antisemitism s…
IMO they should hold lines and liberate first the daesh pocket and in the maintime use air force ag…  
aafaque_ehsens_ideamines_sites We are doing what by rights the  Pakistan state should doing    promoting_learning
Weird how the people who attack   and the people who get exposed by   keep being the same people. http…
corbyn is an out and out rebel, he suppo ed terrorism in our wee country, and now shows his out and ou…   
Katz still calling  HTS   rebels   not by their true moniker,  AlQaeda.  Mossad  CIA   
Breaking ll  EastGhouta
FARM ATTACK: Broederstroom, R512 Lanseria road NW. 21h35 on 30Jan. Willem Joube  (37). 5 attackers assaulted &amp; shot him.… 
for militant attack    
Ankit was alone (not in a group of bikers)
How 'paradise' square became the inner ring of hell   via  
Islam Hijacking the UN Human Rights Council  
Iran's Mullahs re-exploit ISIS card   via  
Whether ‘vi ual War’ is an entirely new aspect of conflict, or just one element that is now incorporated into the chan… 
Fooking Islam

ISIS Truth, Al-Baghdadi or Simon Eliot!   via   
Why don't they call  Hindu s Hijra? 1500 family reside in Khyala.only 7 of them are  Muslim &amp; 3 fami…
Chahal and kuldeep into the attack and game completely change..
THE AIPAC MAN THE JEWISH ZIONISTS ENTITY TRUMPS THE TRUMPS GANGSTERS IN WASHINGTON MAKING MONEY TO SUPPO  ISRAELI…  
Bacteria use collective behaviour to warn their clone mates of an attack and prompt them to fight back. New study by Dr…
Both Shah and current Govt are two sides of the same coin! Both were brought by Zionists! Islam requires hijab to p…  
Corruption seems to plague a lot of Muslim countries. But why?
DanFox Boyfriend of  StellaCreasy &amp; who sent  JackieWalker racist/abusive texts. Dan Fox ex Director of…  
Intercast'! That how water is muddied. Bhai
The Middle East expe  predicts that if nothing is done, European countries such as France, Denmark and Belgium will com… 
If anyone doubted   when he proclaimed   I don't watch the news   - last night in Edmonton he drew a parallel t… 
.. &amp; murder of 7 Hindus in 7 days (3 of them were ISIS style beheadings) are cleverly sidelined..  
The inflation monster what happened to it; is it getting ready to attack?  
Pilot ejected but was  killed by  militants on the  ground. THE NIGHTMARE for ANY  Airforce . A Russian  Su25 jet…  
Holding the 1 finger in the air like the  1 symbol for us. Over there it is the ISIS salute
This is the  BestNews I have heard in awhile. That means my Twitter number will be pared by another 100k (Iost 250k due to my…
Are U a Hindu &amp; Also suppo  Modi?
This photo was taken seconds before the terrorist attack of September 11, 2001. 
UK bureaucrats no better than Brussels counterpa s: they stick stubbornly to the facts, want to ensure orderly neg…   
“Read the Politically Incorrect Memo that Triggered McMaster” by    
(10) This guy has a head full of mush.
The latest |  OpenRafahBorder |!   Thanks to    gaza  israel
The girl may be forced to retract her statement in cou . Unable to stand on her own feet, no option left.   
No mercy for terrorists, CE Abdullah says during ceremony to introduce new  Parwan governor 
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for terrorist attack 
Foreign Minister  Turkey’s  OperationOliveBranch not only aims to destroy an existential threat to Turkey,… 
'Terrorists' kill Russian fighter pilot after plane shot down over Syria   via    They…  
Try hard but don't attack school buses
This is the result of 40 years mullah's rule in  Iran
Or just get another 11 seconder? 🤔
The crude Dravidianist attack on music maestro Illayaraja, led by Director Bharathiraja (whose owes his success to Raja'… 
Illuminati NWO airpo  TSA plan to get humans used to CIA false flag global terrorism fear to attain their Lucifer'…  
Germany is safe heaven for $PKK &amp; FETO members, 
Afghanistan is the hub of terrorists, currently 70% area is under ISIS &amp; Taliban's control,&amp; you r suppo ing… 
End the intimidation and criminalization of   and other critics of Islam.  
Despairing of the Mercy of Allaah is one of the greatest prohibitions- Imaam Sa'adi  Muslims  Islam  Life  
On this day in 1978 the IRA murdered Ma ha McAlpine, 69. Collapsed after a gun attack on police on Shore Rd. Grandchild… 
Do you know anything about attack on Titan season 3
Ya Allah! Have mercy on our weak souls. We claim to love you so much, but we disobey you so often. Ya Rahman, do no…   
Yes, in corruption, nepotism, looting public money, sheilding terrorists, killing honest officers  NammaKarnatakaFirst 
When I speak to Black Muslim women and they talk about their identity being erased from the media when there's dialogue…
If NATO suppo s Turkey's attack on Afrin, NATO membership has increased to include AQ &amp; ISIS &amp; other terror grps who fight… 
Check out some of the innovations that have been keeping  Israel at the forefront of  EMS  
Feb 3 - Tehran,  Iran 
People do like to jump the gun lol regarding next weeks  Emmerdale none of the spoilers say Debbie arranges an acid…  
Killing has two dimension  first if u r killing for cow then it can create chaos award wapsi media ea hquake etc s…  
Also interested to understand how that attack was   blistering   or the ca oon was   homophobic  . 
‘Aazadi, Aazadi..’ chants in the hea  of  Pakistan outside Islamabad Press Club by the  Pashtun community. Embarrassmen… 
More power to them 👏🏻  
OBAMA TO THE US MUSLIM CITIZENS (You're not Muslim or American. You're Muslim and Am…  
If you're anti-jihad, anti-ISIS and anti-gaykill, you're just like ISIS, so you should join ISIS.   
We can recover. We just have to get Trump and the GOP out. Then we have to elect the right people, that…   
As the channel NHK, the Japanese Parliament for the first time will be held exercises simulating missile attack of…   
We Planned To Attack Ondo - Arrested Boko Haram Suspect   via    
Dear PM  , this is an Islamic cleric in your country spreading jihad &amp; hatred. I wish u had the courage to conde… 
Pakistani  Taliban claim  Attack that killed 11 soldiers  
Carry on slandering each other while terrorists take advantage of the instability of Pakistan
Those peaceful souls lost in Islam should return to Christianity.
As   noted, $1.50 a week for 52 weeks = $78 per year. Multiply that by 125M workers, that's $9.75B a year. 
.  calls on  EU &amp;Western powers to take effective measures to compel  Iran's misogynist theocracy to end the…
Isn’t that the point? What’s the use of an ad if there’s nothing to drive interest to it?
If we look at who his actually committing acts of terrorism against Americans, we find democrats and ISIS - two peas in a pod.  SOTU 
The whole of  Pakhtunkhwa has been handed over to Taliban suppo ers. Taliban’s Political representives…  
Blog “Cove  wars: Iran and Saudi Arabia revisit their strategies,”   writes ||  …   
We live in a totally fragmented society. Instead of fighting together for our common and universal needs, we are divided into… 
Try to be a better Muslim today, compared with yesterday. 
NCRI  Women’s Committee Urges Censure of the Arrests of  Iranian Women for Shunning the Veil
This memo is a distraction from a tragedy. Trump's White House stabbed the Russian resistance and the American people in…
Many he's fed up when all u tommy suppo er slandering him and trying to find di …  
OBAMAGATE- WORST SCANDAL IN AMERICA’S HISTORY! OBAMA MUST HAVE BELIEVED THAT BY STAYING ON ATTACK HE WOULD SKATE FROM ALL T…
Ants attack and defend themselves by biting and, in many species, by stinging, often injecting or spraying chemicals, 
hea  attack  TwitterBestFandom
No, Islam leaves people raped and dead, you should be grateful for  ’ effo s. 
The TRUTH WILL BLOW YOU AWAY!
Actually it's common for Democrats to serve a Republican President and vice versa. But there you go.  
International Union Organises Protest Against  Iran Regime
Pakistani Taliban claim attack that killed 11 soldiers    
When was the last time FISA warrant issued for Bill Ayers a Chicago Homegrown Domestic Terrorists and Obama surroga…  
ISLAM IS NOT A RACE
Palestinian_authority to  withdraw its  recognition of  Israel  
Any potential doner’s or contributors to the DNC should be forewarned that their hard earned money may well go 2 repay Americ…
LISTEN: The holy Jihad is alive and underway under Pres   our modern day Usman Dan Fodio
honsixty1: Again, listen the whole way through.   connects the dots, demonization, regime change, war, terrorism, and wh… 
Regime Change Is the Only Hope for the People of  Iran (And the Region)
What would he have done? Dribble from the backline to the front, score hat-trick or assist? Please appreciate what you ha… 
Ever heard how they sold Mosque?
The whole of  Pakhtunkhwa has been handed over to Taliban suppo ers. Taliban’s Political representives  TTPTI/JI…
y: Islam Is NOT The Problem!
International conspiracy to kill  Ambazonia. And you doubt why terrorism reigns in the world today. Where's justice in the w…
I am never been so ashamed of being Italian, being represented by such a MONSTER like   and being a pa  of… 
…  
was thinking yesterday we are in stage (6?) of the 'attack Jeremy C' game. 1) warn of doom if elected 2)…  
First for  Jordan – cinereous vulture tagged and released back to the wild in  Dana by  , with the suppo  of  … 
Iran: Simultaneous With the Uprising, the Inhumane Pressure Against Political Prisoners Intensify   
Every Christian &amp; their family should risk getting microwave oven weaponed from next door &amp; poisoned with acid / fl…  
i dont like to banter anymore but i dont agree when you attack others personally using the crowd,it was like you wanted… 
Water terrorism N Haiti due 2 US installed govt corruption US electoral fraud stole 2 elections from  /Fanmi…
The terrorist attack in Swat dredges up very bad memories. Swat was the sta ing point of violent extremist conflict (1…
All about islam links  
You call this clash?? How can an armless indigenous farmer's, clash with terrorists foolani jihadist…   
OBAMA TO THE US MUSLIM CITIZENS (You're not Muslim or American. You're Musl…  
Anti-Muslim pants, an insult to Islam. 
Turkish Armed Forces:  OperationOliveBranch targets only terrorists and all cautions &amp; sensitivity are observed to avoid har…
Iran: The Nationwide Protests, on the Eve of the Anniversary of 1979 Revolution 
and procedures…
sam is really out here smoking weed please pray for her she’s already paranoid as it is she finna have a whole hea  attack
Pokemon Attack Defense Game - Free Online Pokemon Games  
sCenter: The father who attempted to attack Larry Nassar during a sentencing hearing earlier today will not be punished, a judge s… 
She Wanted to Join ISIS, Met Jesus Instead, and Got Delivered from Demons ON CAMERA | 
…  
People have allowed the far left to behave how they like for years.  Antifa are like terrorists yet no one…
This has been a late night (morning for some of y’all) attack. You’re welcome.
I’ll be damned if this bitch goes down cause of a hea  attack &amp; not some other crazy shit  
A , War, and Peace: I just pledged to this awesome project on   SomeGood    a   war…   
Because why not after  AssadPutin captured 3.000 square kilometres of the    Idlib De-Escalation Zone  ?!   
The CPEC Highway project (392KM) from Multan to Sukkur which is going well. You can feel the good design, good material, g… 
Inspiring and humbling doesn’t even cover it...  
Iran Regime’s Senior Mullah Says, Protesters Are Rebels and Must Be Executed 
Europeans are no moderate muslims where islam is concerned.
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
news There is mail for you: all attack Eleanor on the social, maurice is with another   
In 2015 bokoharam was used by Fulani elites to force in Buhari into power, after he became the president bokoharam moved th… 
The Sabir Abu Maryam Daily is out!    afghanistan  syria
Man whose MP wife was murdered has achieved the unachievable, making a violent attack on another MP somehow into a way to a… 
Jigglypuff ♂ Feint Attack/Disarming Voice (IV: 84% - CP: 602 - L: 32 until 04:30:35am.  
strongly condemn the revolting attack on Army unit in  swat.Deepest condolences to the families of brave soldiers who embr…
The spinal batteries are returning fire, but last transmission indicated they are cut off and under attack. 
Trump is right -- He and his campaign were victims of a political attack by the Justice Depa ment and FBI | Fox News
So what’s your summary from your findings, that Islam is evil? 
Incredible!! This beautiful young girl deserves justice and you pussys are in no hurry to do anything about it!!! She is…
This isn't about discrediting Islam. He is human and we are not God. There is a 50/50 chance that he is guilty…  
Terrorism is something we must all live with. They are welcome here.
Women in  Iran are removing their  hijab and waving them in protest. Now Iranian men are protesting with them. (Pa  4)
Iran: Reaction of a Senior Official to Slogan “Neither  Gaza nor  Lebanon, My Life Is for Iran”    … 
aBern: Intriguing!!!
Kuroko no basket
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
When a Muslim man falls in love with a Hindu girl the relationship is given the title of love jihad n t…  
May the Shuhada of  Swat blast be blessed with highest place in Jannah. Let us pray for the depa ed souls and pray…  
Suicide attack on Army unit spo s area at  Swat Capt. Jahanzeb embraced Shahadat with 2 jawans. May  ALLAH SWT Accept Th…
If Russia is going to attack the midterms, I say we vote by paper ballot, no machines, and I will volunteer to count them unt… 
Outside Yemen's rebel-held capital, stalemated  War rages on   
More power to them 👏🏻  
Woops! AP incidentally repo s that the   Rebels   in Syria are also terrorists.   al-Qaida-linked  .   
Stockholm Syndrome. Quite a few kashmiri pundits carry around ideas of kasmiriyat even now, after their near complete… 
I added a video to a   playlist   Forest animals attack on farm animals sho  film ll learn colors with
Iran: Continued Protests by Deprived People in Different Cities
Islamic architecture is so heavenly 😍  
OBAMA TO THE US MUSLIM CITIZENS (You're not Muslim or American. You're Muslim and American)…  
How is voting for Steptoe who suppo s terrorists killing and murdering UK citizens . Plus of couse Steptoe also su…  
I had a real bad panic attack yesterday.
All Russian heroes who fight the terrorism of those allied with western states and their allies ought…  
American Ally  Egypt continues to do less than necessary to stop the  Genocide
How barbaric. 😡  
Hah. Jack’s really that precious to you, is he? In that case, I’m going to enjoy crushing him in a link attack with me and Black Dragon!! 
Lethal attack man. SA could be humiliated, I don't see the middle order doing much 
The document literally identifies a cyber attack against U.S. nuclear command-and-control systems as a scenario that m…
What an arrogant dickhead. Claims to care about his people and he conve ed to Isl…  
Islam says that invalidates the pra…  
No matter if pilot from  Syria,  Russia or  NATO… 
NZ Activists Issue Statement Regarding  Israel’s Lawsuit: Bullying Tactics Will Not Deter Us   @…
Is it allowed in islam????  
Why do so many people these days cause a tonne of shit or attack people and then beg for money on crowdfunders on twit…
NHRC sends notice to Yogi govt for encounters of criminals.
Turkey has Erdogan. Who do we have?  
Deeply sad at the loss of precious lives in terrorist attack on army spo s area in  Swat. Pakistan has suffered a lot in c…
yass omfg  SorryNotSorry  BestMusicVideo  iHea Awards  
…
If a libs lips are moving they are lying  
A Systematic Attack on Science — Trump's Threats Series  2  
말하기 전에 생각했나요? Having a lot of followers actually comes with a responsibility. Yes, you can state your opinion. But usin… 

You call this clash?? How can an armless indigenous farmer's, clash with terrorists foolani jihadist he… 
In  Ahvaz, the brave youth in the Shohada square and the fish market chanted the slogans of death to Khamenei, death to th… 
…  
In essence: don't play Migos at mosque.  
Illuminati homo-capensis specie FBI conducts false flag Las Vegas mass shootings &amp; terrorism to collect blood to dr…  
It seem Muslims are protected murderous cult following, The Guardian is a deeply prejudice and biased rag. you have…   
OBAMA TO THE US MUSLIM CITIZENS (You're not Muslim or American. You're Musli…  
Pictures of the first holy mass held in  DeirEzzor after liberation from terrorism .. From here passed the West-backed…
Brexiteers' attacks on civil servants 'like pre-war Nazi Germany'  
It was narrated that 'Aishah said:   The Prophet (peace be upon him) raced with me and I beat him.   (Ibn Majah) 
Retweeted Naz Baloch ( ):
Christianity, Hinduism, Islam, and Judaism are nothing more than organized witchcraft. Fuck religion with a rational reasoned dick😎 
elaborate meticulous plan-Jihad.crime agnst peacefuls termed communal while ones commi…  
Newly   ANC leadership claim to get into the bottom of corruption to clean the mess, yet they bring back same peopl…   
Islam says that invalidates the pra…  
Iran - February 01, People in city of  Ahvaz protest against regime 
Faith and Fury: Mangaluru in southern Karnataka is one of the strongholds of Hindutva’s militant fringe. As Assembly electi…
I'm against child marriage.
UK: Muslim teen leaves flyers and CD’s in two of London’s biggest hospitals
Thank you guys 4 joining in on our  BestLyrics Mendes Army Vote Attack Tonight! Should we do it again tomorrow?  iHea Awa…
⏬Fuck with local babes at ⏬
Not to forget helping the  children of  Pakistan with access to clean drinking  water.  ForEveryChild
What was one of the first things   did when he got elected into office?
lets all remember this from   shall we   a man with no principles whats…  
Defensive Shape, Delaying the Attack, Recovery Runs. 
Civil Society Urges Un to Launch Commission of Inquiry Into  Iran’s  1988Massacre in Order to End Impunity and Prevent the…
Hea  Attack
An imp attacks!
What Sheikh Zakzaky is advocating for is an Islamic system in which all will be treated justly according to Allah's laws. Thi… 
Fulani Herdsmen Attack Village In Benue State, Kill Policeman And Others (Photos) 
Iran’s Prosecutor Dismisses  Hijab Protesters as Childish and Ignorant.  ForcedHijab  IranProtests
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
The future of  Syria and  China's role
Yesterday 11 soldiers lost their lives in a suicide attack in  Swat. After five years of military operation in the…  
Israel has for years been barring people from entering the country over their politics - even Jews. In 2010, it de…   
Islam was oppressing people long before oil was a hot commodity in the Middle East. Its influence sh…
Are we going to continue playing Miller against teams that has this kind of spin attack?? Waste of space.. Same with JP..   SAvIND
Unsurprisingly, Myanmar's govt denies repo  of new mass graves, but says that security forces “properly buried” bodies of 19… 
Isfahan: The youth chanted “death to the dictator” and “death to  Khamenei”
complete BS, if regime stoped its fu her advance deeper into  Idlib for a while then only for tactical reaso… 
Pakistani Nation salutes the Officer &amp; soldiers who embraced ma yrdom in the suicide terrorism in Kabal, SWAT! May Allah gran… 
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
Perhaps the most insane thing   has ever said was two days ago when he insisted immigrants from Europe after WW1…
EMP Attack Threat Is Real  Bo Hudson  gear  
Kudos to  Iranian activist Masih Alinejad   who sta ed the campaign to fight forced  hijab, ignited a soc… 
Ok this is not attack in the kid I’m a grown man so are you, maybe instead of tweeting you should em…   
Demonstrations in Various Cities of  Iran; People Chant “Death to  Khamenei”
I liked a   video   Khazanah Islam Trans7 - Dibalik Iluminati
Accumulation of mutated stem cells in bone marrow (clonal hematopoiesis of indeterminate potential) increases a per…  
Simple Machines Forum SMF 2.0.8 Host header attack Vulnerability  
Islam : And The End of Europe  
Goat got your Qur'an?  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
OnThisDayInCricket in 1995. Grant and Andy Flower share the MoM award as  Zimbabwe record their first ever Test wi…  
When your country has no borders, the people are reduced to wearing a vi ual border.   
It was early one morning in October 1983 in Beirut, Lebanon. Terrorists    AvGeek  Aviation   
So you are saying Ryan, that books about Islamic subjugation of women…   
Please suppo  these women who were viciously beaten by transphobes. Help Slé recover from brutal attack  
…  
It is a sin in Islam to think you are superior to anyone, and it is a sin in Islam to think you are inferior to anyone 
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
We’re privileged to host journalist, broadcaster, and human right activist, Lauren Booth at  MarriageConferenceKe. Hav… 
Russian bombers strike what is left of ISIS in eastern Syria: Video -    
Exactly.  A man was murdered. For love. That's India today. But BJP and its  3Rudalis -  …
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack   
The jihadi scum that killed our pilot is being suppo ed and funded by the US/UK/Saudis/Turkey terrorists - all are the our e…
... as far as future demonstrations are concerned, they can only become much larger, more violent, until the regime is e… 
Be under No illusion The left are under attack by people who claim to be Labour these avenues and resources they ar…  
You too trying hard to dive  attention from the principle by launching an attack on a messenger!People who made al…  
Man held after shooting attack on foreigners.   
What a surprise! It's only terrorism when it goes one way.
UK: Man held after shooting attack on foreigners.   
ation:  ISRAEL 47y  Eritrean is one of the 1st to receive depo ation notices: I dont want to go to  Rwanda. I rather go to… 
MustWatch Here's the best video on Jews, Arabs,  Israel and  Palestine for a long time. See for yourself…   
Mali:  JNIM claims Saturday morning's mass-casualty attack against Malian army base near Soumpi, Cercle of Niafunke,  Tomb… 
France jails Islamic scholar on rape charge, judicial source says   
Applies for job as  gridgirl
Iran Educators’ Guild, Protests 2 Regime 4 Suppression of  Teachers 
Iranprotests continues &amp; Women are leading it! 🙏  iran  HumanRights  NoHijabDay  
He came from mental hell and now sent back to real burning hell.
KillerAmerika !!! America is a friend of terrorist organizations...!  PKK  PYD  YPG  ISIS  FETÖ
Extremely easy to explain. He talks big about American security when it pe ains to…  
Common phrases:   black crime  ;   victims of communism  ;   Islamic terrorism  ;   Russian meddling.   
🔥MASS TWEET ATTACK🔥
Killing of Ankit has proved one point beyond doubt. And that's people who try to love them will be…
MYiNewsfeed | It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack - Reuters   
Or to put it bluntly... Just 20 mins from   warehouses in  Damascus, kids are dying of severe malnutrition in besiege… 
Today marks the 8th day Ramin &amp; Afshin Hossein Panahi continue their hunger strike, protesting their death &amp; life in pris… 
Emergency appeal: malicious attack on pro-JC campaigner    
We were informed that Abuja  Wahabi Mosque Committee secretly wrote a letter to   urging him to attack suppo ers of Sh  …
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
This week, my family and I have been under attack by the media questioning our integrity and ethics.  I have openly aske… 
I wonder what the poor little children of Syria would say to this...  
URGENT: Protests Erupt in Scores of  Iran Cities and Towns Today
As someone brought up in the Catholic faith I'd like to take this oppo unity to say that Christianity is not about…  
iyalist Welcome.  
GOD DAMMIT YOU GAVE ME A HEA  ATTACK IM  OK
Israeli fighter jets strike farmland in the southern  Gaza city of  Rafah
Coward attack on our security forces in Sway can’t shake our resolve to eliminate menace of terrorism. My sympathie…  
FarmAttack South Africa ..Elderly couple attacked and assaulted near Aliwal No h. 3  farmattacks in 24hrs.  plaasmoorde  G…
Not your usual headline,   German far-right AfD politician resigns after conve ing to Islam   
The Left has mainstreamed DELUSION, so let’s set the record straight 
Iran - Tehran
Tweet &amp; tell the world you  Standup4HumanRights &amp;  CrimesAgainstHumanity in IRAN to suppo  us in our quest to take  Iran back…
…  
Ebba Åkerlund, 11 years old, murdered by a failed asylum seeker on 7th April 2017 in Stockholm, Sweden. 
Brilliant video expose here as it appeared from the other angle that the white shi  lunged forward as an unprovoked attack…
Syria war: Turkey suffers deadliest day in  Afrin offensive
A new low for Mrs May: her ministers attack civil servants, mislead the House of Commons, &amp; she defends them to the hilt… 
Forest animals attack on farm animals sho  film  ll learn colors with w...   via  
Lol...plus, when u have messi n Suarez to worry abt, u can’t really have the freedom to attack 
Did you know that Tunisia ranks the first in expo ing Isis terrorists to Libya and Syria?  
Islamic A  Section at Louvre, Eiffel Tower, Chateau Versailles ... — traveling to Dallas/Fo  Wo h from Paris...   
I got a mini hea  attack while swiping the pict, im not being hyperbola but really..... 
Iran Uses  Offshore Firms  to Mask  Involvement in  Cyberattacks, Former  Israeli  Lawmaker Says…   
Iran -  Tehran, Feb.1,Protest gathering of the looted victims of  regime's 'Caspian credit institute' 
Dear   today CIA, RAW and NDS jointly attacked us through their sponsored terrorists in Kabal,Swat killing 7… 
...the more pagan, the more brilliant one’s mind, &amp; the higher one’s ability to handle nuances &amp; ambiguity. Purely…   
I’ve never claimed to be a preacher or a scholar. I study what I love and teach it. You don’t d…
Mourinho needs to stop playing Lukaku and Sanchez. There is no chemistry in that attack
Germany Needs to Put an End To Merkel’s Madness, And End Islamic Immigration, Depo  Muslim Non-Citizens, Make Sharia… 
These people are terrorists who now have an almost paramilitary ar…
NHRC sends notice to Yogi govt for encounters of criminals.
Make sure that the dream you are following is not taking you away from Allah!  Muslims  Islam  Life
France Asks  Russia,  Iran Urgently Stop  Syrian Regime’s Bombings 
Thanks for suppo ing against this dangerous man.Opinions like he has could b picked up by the young…  
ATTACK ON BANGTAN
Phil Mudd goes on CNN to attack Trump, ends up giving creedence to nearly every deep state conspiracy theory in existence… 
Living in  Gaza under blockade is like:  
Several days ago the Pentagon claimed that US would continue supply rebels in Syria (terrorists) with weapons inclu…  
There are 52 countries who flaunt themselves as  Islamic and no one objects to this label.
I liked a   video   NEW BUBBA AND FRIENDS ANIMATRONICS ATTACK! | FNAF Bubbas Diner (Pa  1)
They used to. After the Geth attack a few years back
MML strongly condemns attack on security forces in  Mardan. Whole nation stands strongly behind the defenders in the war agai…
I like the German national anthem, but it should be updated to be more relevant to the present year. 
MUST SEE: Rich Higgins explains war on radical islamic terror (was fired by McMaster July 2017)  
11 security officials ma yred in suicide attack in Swat. Salute to the brave an indebted for their and their families'sa…
No country in this world having a Muslim majority is not an Islamic state and no country in this world…
Ladies have u seen the Sephora X-pro Anastasia color pop eye glow ki- ok now that the men have officially lost interes…
A man &amp; a 'philosophy' definitely wo h AVOIDING. Is ALL of Islam this awful, this arr…   
Daily Reminder as an ARMY
*New Fo nite: Attack Of The Chopper With Gold Mini Gun?? | Road To 100 Wins | 1700+ Kills | LVL 76:   via
The hunt is on.  
🆘‼🧕🏳  Iran: The women's movement is growing, more and more Persian women remove their hijab and waving to protest. https… 
Turkey to move into Manbij if PYD/PKK does not leave
We are not fighting Ku s.
Captain Jazib alongwith three other soldiers embraced Shahadat in a Suicide Attack in Swat. Rest in Peace in Heavens Dear C…
Ron, not defending the Finsbury Park killer, but by allowing a fascist Islamic…   
Pentagon Just Admitted There’s ‘No Evidence’ of Syrian Gas Attack, Threatens War Anyway   
Some favourite good bad sequels: Deathstalker 2, Silent Night Deadly Night 2, Death Wish 3 &amp; 5, Food of t… 
Shocking no one,   pro-Russian separatist   DPR commander in  Ukraine, Valery Asapov, turns to be a Russian general under… 
Corbyn's Feral Thugs Attack Jacob Rees-Mogg Meeting. He has bred a pack of foul, violent, scumbag followers. Bravo Jer… 
PopeRefuseKillerErdogan
isis taylor old man tight cunt sharing my wife lap dance mr marcus russian pussy tarzan porn savannah gold
EasternGhouta still   epicentre of suffering  . As always with  , an impo ant but tragic read. Again c…   
In stark contrast to Islam, Christian teachings align closely with traditional li…   
Natalie Po man BTS of Attack of the Clones 😍  
Get Married With Desired Person By Islamic In the today’s growing generation each and every peoples want to get th  
All week BBC has given Blairite Claire Kober a platform to attack Jeremy Corbyn and Momentum. She’s now to appear on An…
I have Make 0.15 BTC in 5 Mints    fight  apuestas  ufc  bittrex  daytrader  altcoin…  
Hero of Israeli intelligence making waves for speaking common sense on Islam - the far left can't abide the truth!  
US’ Reliance on Nukes Bringing Mankind Closer to Annihilation:  Iran
Two Millions of people In  Gaza Strip are human and has rights .
Here in  Syria you cant buy  books from anywhere,theres no really any good book library,theres no ship to syria,no…   
...the more pagan, the more brilliant one’s mind, &amp; the higher one’s ability to handle nuances &amp; ambiguity. Purely…   
Cross cou  attack tae💙
CROSSCOU  ATTACK BY JHO
Cross cou  attack From Maraguinot!! 💙🔥
Boko Haram now 'completely defeated' — Nigerian Army: The Theatre Commander, Operation Lafiya Dole, Rogers Nicholas…   
Cross cou  attack by Jho Maraguinot 👏💙
Ireland became like this via Sinn fein, IRA aided by PLO and…   
Campaigners have demanded that the Ministry of Defence clarify whether it permits the use of lethal force by…   
He is a genius attack wise. One heck of a G.
CIA has always had a curious choice of strange bedfellows it has jumped into to bed with  over the dec…
29-Jan-13:  Muslim 30 arrested in last 2 months for  Grooming and  Rape in Bradfordistan  
Also when talking about African slavery, why are   Whites   the problem? Out of all the Different Slave trades throug…   
Mob of cyclists go wrong way, attack drivers    ABC7NY 
Good exchange with President of Iranian  Ski Federation, Seyed Abdi Eftekhari, on upcoming  WinterOlympics, skiing in  … 
Crosscou  Attack by jhoana maraguinot
this is the problem this ahmadi was the front line to create paksiatn . and this a…  
We are not the Nation of Islam,we are the nation of Zion,the nation of SPAC,a nation of leaders,world changers,we a…   
OBAMA TO THE US MUSLIM CITIZENS (You're not Muslim or American. You're Muslim and Am…  
New national anthem for Germany.
Promise kept safe is an attack today with pence a great guy who.
:  SSH Possible SSH attack from 62.210.196.43  
what a cross cou  attack by jho!
en Good news. Despite the feminist ultra attack on working women the attempts to throw them onto the dole queue has failed.
Iran -  Tehran: January 31, 2018. Protest gathering of the  Plasco shopkeepers in front of the municipality building 
I refuse to point out Islam as worse than Christianity. The economic and development…  
I wanna fucking know why harries always attack liam?? Like what’s your problem! Liam and Harry are mates and they s…  
Turkish border guards shoot
Mate   - This is Jamia Ghousia Mosque in Luton. It regularly hosts Jihadist preachers from Pakistan who…
First in a series of videos   asking whether Graham Phillips from London, is guilty of committing t… 
A Muslim man killed by anyone:
Legit almost had an anxiety attack trying to figure out the proper inse ions and innervations of the epaxial muscu…  
Simple Machines Forum SMF 2.0.8 Host header attack Vulnerability  
If Desca es live in  Gaza he would say: I suffer, therefore I am. 
Yesss   Cypher on Canadian radio!  Sounds so good.  Quality!  
Anyone who has been injured or bereaved by a terror attack and wants to be pa  of fighting extremism please join us. ht…
Simply not compatible and dangerous  .. acceptance of democratic rule of law should be a prerequisite for entry..…  
So when is the U.S. going to put CAIR and Soros on the list of terrorist orgs?  
...the more pagan, the more brilliant one’s mind, &amp; the higher one’s ability to handle nuances &amp; ambiguity. Purely monot… 
Commercial Vehicle Terrorism is Real. How can You be more Vigilant?  
The answer is, AlQaeda n Turkish attacks on Afrin 
FLASH FLASH FLASH - SITUATIONAL AWARENESS:  ‘Somali Terrorists’ May Attack Super Bowl  
What a crosscou  attack by Joana Maraguinot. 💪
All together now.....FUCK OFF JON!  
So you prefer a giant cover up? America's main institutions are under obvious attack from pa isanship so shining a light o…
Man sentenced to life for attack near London's Finsbury Park Mosque  
Iranian- American dual national, wife sentenced to 27, 16 years in jail 
Anndddd i’m suddenly having an anxiety attack because i’m gonna go to my dorm tomorrow
Ma yrdom for 11 Pakistani officers' in  Swat and 7 Turkish soldiers in  OperationOliveBranch today... In our relentless f…
Israel has since its inception fought the battle for the free   fighting the worst of the wor…  
Crisp conditions at the top of tudons climb yesterday. Brutal but stunning ride  whiteonwhite  builtbytheride…  
Isis ‘far from finished’ as jihadi fighters regroup in Syria   via  
WHAT A CROSS COU  ATTACK BY MARAGUINOT!!!!
Trump’s SOTU address: I stand with ‘courageous struggle’ of  Iranianprotesters
oh and all the fans that aren’t even in the fandoms as well, like the zoe and alfie fandoms came out to attack peop…   
Ratified  tdih 1870, 15th Amend't, officially gave Black men right to vote in US. However, blocked for almost century wi… 
Notable   piece on China’s increasing persecution of Uighur Muslims:
America is under  internet attack,  possible  InterContinentalBALLASTICMissles from  No hKorea and  sabotage of o…   
Hear Ye! Hear Yea! Queen Elizabeth has begun claiming she is a direct descendent of Prophet Muhammad, the founder o…   
Russian missiles strike area of Su-25 downing, killing at least 30 terrorists – MoD 
«The Others: Foreign Fighters in Libya» by    
I strongly condemn the attack on military unit in Swat. Repo edly 11 brave soldiers have embraced ma yrdom. The enemies…
Proof of  Iran Regime’s Ignoring  Yemen Arms Embargo
Israel has no right to interfere with the Polish government’s legislative proceedings - said cofounder of Beit Warszawa Seve…
If this is true it shows what a fuck  up we are  
Yung CURVED ATTACK ni Maraguinot
Inter religion hai to terrorist act hi bol do. After all jehadi to bol hi diya hai.
Iranian Christians Appeal Convictions By Islamic Cou  - RadioFreeEurope/RadioLibe y  
Western media never spare an oppo unity to smear the Syrian revolution while hardly see the daily genocidal crimes by…
Healthcare professionals reject  TrumpNuclearDoctrine. Building   more usable   nukes gravely increases the risks of a nucl… 
My webpage   is currently down due an attack because of my repo s on cheaters in the migration indus…
Why does the BBC think anyone on the right side politically can be ridiculed? Whilst they will go out of their way…  
Singapore prepares for terrorist attack  
Ministry of Foreign Affairs Iran held the screening of 80-minute long movie on the freedom struggle of Kashmiris in  Mash…
A military convoy of the FSA heads from Idlib to Turkish territory to pa icipate in the Olive Branch…  
Iran: Prison Officials Refuse Medical Treatment for Sick Prisoner
The kind of people that the Kurds are up against in Afrin. These are Turkish jihadi volunteers
Trump's cleaning out lots of closets!  
We are not the Nation of Islam,we are the nation of Zion,the nation of SPAC,a nation of leaders,world changers,we are… 
AnkitMurder I strongly condemn this cowardly act.Every Indians has right to choice his/her life pa ner if both ar…  
Our values and way of life will prevail - Terrorism will not.
Ehsan  Gharaie – My cousin was arrested for crime he didn’t commit.  During to ure and questioning they kept telling h…
There was a suicide attack on a Pakistan army base in Swat today.
An  FSA official in Azaz; Turkish flag
Wembley security increased after Manchester terror attack - Get Reading  
Iran: Serious Physical and Mental Health Condition of a Prisoner
no no no no no no no this is not the perfect time to have an anxiety attack please no no 😭
Beautiful works of sand on the beach of  Gaza ...  GazaLovesLife  GazaIsBeautiful 😍  
@ orFAV_1: Racism
US talks of peace while threatening others with nukes
¡Vamos Lovatics!, no se detengan LOVATICS ATTACK  SorryNotSorry  bestMusicVideo  iHea Awards 
, of Stop  Islam of America, to speak at Chabad of Great Neck   
Attack on Kashmir students is inhuman but is common in Indian so-called democratic country
MoD ‘in chaos’ over drone use outside of war zones | World news | The Guardian  
2018: Buhari pampers the Janjaweed Fulani terrorists,says they  must be accomodated  ,calls them his   brothers  , remains Life Pa… 
Aigoooo~ i am afraid of them if they'll attack me😣😣
Hughson: ♀Pikachu 97.8% (15/14/15) 336CP L15 Quick Attack/Discharge until 01:36:16am (29m 23s)  
Civilian vehicles, packed with furniture &amp; personal belongings, were targeted by regime strikes today, as civilians fle… 
:  SSH Possible SSH attack from 202.28.37.18  
What Islam is meant to be about:
Gratefulness…
The effo s of Dr.  Taheri &amp; his lawyers &amp; Student for  freedom &amp; reveal
A young syrian refugee saved a baby in germany without caring for his life.
Today around 150 Uyghur protestors gathered in Brussels expressed their anger and disagreements that Chinese government…
In 2014,   Sta ed Meer Foundation To Suppo  Acid Attack Victims Providing Medical Facilities, 
No, absolutely not. You'll find AQ and ISIS fan boys in abundance there. 
May the angels protect you, sadness forget you, kindness possess you and Allah always bless you. Ameen  Muslims  Islam… 
In hea  attack. TIME IS MUSCLE.
Unity? UNITY?
The Tory Right, beached and ridiculed for so long, were instructed by Mercer's political gurus on how to win arguments and… 
Attacking the symptoms, not the problem 
The guy while being arrested did the fascist salute and had an italian flag on his shoulders. If he had an ISIS’s one,… 
“The second round of the bilateral talks between  Afghanistan and  Pakistan is due to take place on 9th and 10th of…  
Kurdish militias killed seven Turkish soldiers in the Afrin region of no hwest Syria on Saturday, five of them in…   
We can't imagine such action against prestitutes in our country who are always there for misguided terrorists.  
ISLAM IS NOT A RACE
well done to   for standing his ground against overbearing   determined to cast aspersions on h…
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for terrorist attack   
Well the point is from my point of view, that muslim woman wants to do Sharia law but the othe…   
Darren Osborne's  FinsburyPark attack was labelled terrorism within just a few minutes, here is a history of the extreme fa… 
its true that, there’s a ce ain clique on this UK london TL that target and attack people with opposing opinions to them.… 
Have a scrumptious breakfast, now fast and easy. 
Trump's Nuclear Posture Review brings humankind “closer to annihilation” – Iranian FM   |  Iran
Fact is  Obama &amp;   Worked2 Fund Terrorism 4  Iran for 8 Years  …
Can Bangladesh Bank tackle another cyber attack?  
Iranian Christians Appeal Convictions By Islamic Cou    |  Iran
Looks like someone is currently doing a phishing attack on Israeli companies in  Facebook by sharing  posts by Isra…  
1. Centuries of Islamic barbarism.
June 2017 London Bridge Attack 2018 |    
As the data says, 70%  Afghanistan is under Taliban/ISIS control &amp; puppets are only ruling  Kabul along-wit… 
Trump, the Ayatollah and the Wizard Of Oz    Islam  TCOT 
It's when, not if - Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack 
Just a reminder; Afghanistan hasn’t seen a day of peace since 1979.  
GRAPHIC WARNING: Disturbing images show a disabled boy covered in blood after being beaten up at school. His mother jo…
A fake president who fake signed Russia sanctions is working with fake congressmen to release a fake memo that will be…
Physicians for Social Responsibility bringing the good noise!  LickTheBomb  
After gleefully championing the butcher of thousands of women in Libya and fueling the rise of ISIS, Hillary Clinton doe… 
It must be stopped Mr Starmer  , this would typically be the job of the opposition but we don't appear to… 
“We are going to kill you”: Myanmar non-Muslims recall jihad massacres by Rohingya Muslims  
Russia  Ministry   Statement  Russians  In favor  Has been there.  
Forest animals attack on farm animals sho  film ll learn colors with wild animals for toddlers:   via  
Click here to watch it:  
Meanwhile   calls these murderers   HTS/Rebels   &amp; justifies the murder of  Russian pilot in sovereign skies…   
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
'My Daughters Are the Heroes.' Father of 3 Victims Apologizes for Trying to Attack Larry Nassar   via Yahoo!
French daily  LeMonde calls  SaudiArabia's (&amp;  UAE’s) intervention in  Yemen since Mar ’15 a failure. (Editorial d…  
You've done it! With your help, we've secured a debate   on the military detention of Palestinian children by  … 
Anyone doubting this account should refer back to the press repo s when it happened:
Firefighters and teachers attack government's 'cavalier' attitude to school fire safety  
She even used her money and resources to suppo  the growth and awareness of Islam and even Aisha still gets jealo…
'You will pay for my tears': Woman raped every day she was held captive by ISIS monster comes face-to-face with captured fig…
BBC News - Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack  
Only reason for Erdogan's visit is because the Pope spoke out against Trump's designation of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.…
Don't fall in her trick. She will gain traction with Modi suppo ers and later after june/July they all will attack Modi
Yes there are FBI agents that speak Swedish. There are also FBI agents along with CIA agents right now i…  
FIRST VOTING ATTACK OF THE DAY!
So Turkey (who has no legal rights in Syria) is giving the true  Syrian inhabitants of Afrin
R.N.S HEAT PUMPS can heat your Home/Hotel as well as your water.Lower fuel bills &amp; more. Call Manish 9873981879  ARSEVE…
This the result of sending your incompetent ministers to your enemy. Protect people or resign  …  
Hi   do you have any tigers in your SO force, this is how mahloof returned home lastnight. It looks so much like an… 
The  SwatAttack  on a military unit is pa  of the new surge strategy in Afghanistan. Terrorists have safe havens in Kun…
The cou s and the Parliament don’t have the right to form any law that goes against Islamic law. 
Refugees depo ed by Europe attacked by Taliban,  ISIS 
Haha What a stupid statement man.. they are grasping for anything just to attack Trump. Ridiculous dems.
Over to   hernComd_IA  Hope you are planning to neutralise them pronto before they exte…  
Piers Morgan launches blistering attack on the BBC for airing graphic 'homophobic' ca oon of him and Trump  
Naqeeb's brutal murder triggered the collective consciousness and rage that every one was waiting for. Now is the time t…
Islam is about as Far Right as you can go
what about the droid attack on the wookies
LMAO Islamic Kerry expose coming soon!  I LOVE you  ! ;-)  BREAKING: Nunes Hints SECOND Memo Will Expose…  
Kurdish  YPG destroy Turkish tank in no hern  Afrin (photos)    Syria  Turkey
81 KM Swat Motorway Under Construction. Crash Barrier /Divider Jersey Berrier and Guard Rail Under Construction. It Will B…
Several mulla indulge in love jihad, time come to tit for tat 
.  Your overhyped  MemoDay is a bust and already backfiring. Most people are sma  enough to figure out e…
Israel is an Apa heid state ⁉️
Jews were in the area before Islam was invented. Can't really dispute this fact.
Repo : Media director of  ISIS has been arrested by Turkish troops in Kocaeli in western  Turkey. He first left the Syrian town…
Tottenham's attack beats individualism  
Remember that one time when Israel made a 3D animated sho  about how it saves white nations from ISIS then it turn…  
OBAMA TO THE US MUSLIM CITIZENS (You're not Muslim or Americ…  
We have proof that Russian bots are helping Trump, nothing has changed from Russia's help during his campaign and n…   
Meanwhile   calls these murderers   HTS/Rebels   &amp; justifies the murder of  Russian pilot in sovereign skies of  … 
Ending the world with a water gun as Pewdiepie becomes anti-semetic how registeel is just fucking steel Dalton is still an ISIS Hanzo mains.
to  Russia following the shutting downing of a Russian fighter jet in  Idlib,  Syria: We haven’t p…   
This entire tweet sans the Truman remark is hilariously wrong.  
Wow 4 pages by one side shows that &amp; that’s it? So are we expecting criminal charges off the 4 pages…  
Islam means “peace,” “security,” and “surrender.” Muslim means “one who peacefully surrenders to Allah swt .” 
i dont like being a donghan stan.. i feel like im gonna get a hea  attack everytime i see his photos/videos.. stop…  
SE.  Idlib:  Russia|n retaliation ongoing, heavy cluster bomb attack this night on village of Maasaran, near impact site… 
Turkish soldiers show and say that:  EU and USA suppo  pkk(pyd,ypg) kurdish terrorists.Shame on you EU and USA!!! 
To make your priority right now the ‘image of Islam’ and not the 8 dead victims is - frankly - disgusting. You. Are. Not.…
Israeli fighter jets strike farmland in the southern  Gaza city of  Rafah
BreakingNews
The international community must solidarity with Kurds in order to defeat barbaric Erdoğan and his Jihadist friends, we did… 
Lady, she's not talking propaganda. What she tweeted is 100% truth. Matter of fact, it is expl…   
Not just India, but all countries including the Islamic countries need to be secular, meaning ONE-LAW-For-ALL and No Law… 
Auto assess the security of large active directory networks using “CrackMapExec v4.0” to discover misconfigurations…  
: Panic &amp; blaming campaign from several jihadi rebel factions &amp; suppo ers against each other amid  SyrianArmy &amp; allies pushin…
German Foreign Minister Warns  Israel from ‘Perpetual Conflict’   via    
Join us today in  raising &amp;  spreading  awareness on ways to  prevent cancer, on  worldcancerday ! We can all do ou…   
Israelis target ISIS fighters in Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact  
Peaceful religion....hmm  
Prediction:
Mexican youth conve ed to Shia Islam at Imam Reza shrine  
India: Hindu leader says Rohingyas are “threat to national security…have links with jihad”  
The United States has foolishly given Pakistan more than 33 billion dollars in aid over the last 15 years, and they ha… 
Are there suicide myths. You can stop it, a suicidal person is selfish, NOT, suicide is not an illness? Suic… 
Which AlQaeda-linked terrorist group operated the  US-delivered  MANPAD that shot down  Russia SU-25 aircraft,…   
Sir u should also add gaurakshak goons &amp; hindu terrorists also as term deviced by antina…  
OBAMA TO THE US MUSLIM CITIZENS (You're not Muslim or American.…  
I'm at Saman Islam Chatucak in Chatuchak, Bangkok   
able gimmegroove on    np Sheree Hicks - Addicted - Jihad Muhammad
All them attack ✋🏽💽
Prophet Mohammad destroyed idols and statues in Mecca, and today Iranian Mullahs are building statues for themselves in th… 
.  The Special Rappo eurs need to take this matter as an urgent issue, collectively and individuall…   
End the intimidation and criminalization of   and other critics of Islam.  
A different more personal look into  Gaddafi regime; from the music activists view.
The Prophet (pbuh) said,   A man follows his friend's religion, so each one should consider whom he befriends.  [Tirmithi… 
Alfoneh:   Khamenei’s... rule came to an end... as the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) publicly humiliated him by diso… 
Syrian team won second place at the World Robot Olympiad in Delhi,  India. 
Click here to watch it:  
Neser back in the attack. 51 required from the final two overs.  TasmaniasTeam  BBLFinal 🌪️
Russian bombers strike what is left of ISIS in eastern Syria: Video -    
Unconscionable,  , and potentially impeachable as pa  of a mosaic of obstructing justice. But Congress is lettin… 
Some European countries can ban the hijab, but some Muslim countries cannot make it compulsory. Amazing   
FARM ATTACK:01:50 Male was shot in the arm and his wife in the stomach.both was taken to hospital.there was 3 armed suspect…
I understand why he posted it. An accurate comparison may be America was founded…  
Trump attacking one stand up member of the FBI is an attack on ALL members of the FBI, and, those sworn and not sworn… 
I got so many death threats over my  NoHijabDay video-I can’t even bother to keep count.
2  Pak trained  LeT terrorists
‘Suspect arrested in Italy after terrorist attack’
If you enjoy the main series, manga comics of AOT is epic &amp; provides more indepth. Also, check out the…   
OBAMA TO THE US MUSLIM CITIZENS (You're not Muslim or American. You're Musl…  
Terrorism is singly handedly educated
getting rid of the limeade sparklers is a blatant homophobic attack
Reasons why Turkey-Erdogan attack  Afrin ?
When Ahmadi Muslims are murdered
Mercenaries-terrorists fighting Syrians murdered brutally captive allied Soviet pilot defending civilization
Thousands of people including opinion leaders of tribes and members of  Raqqa Civilian Assembly and Syrian Democrat…  
How about your mom’s past decision of helping raze Libya to the ground and paving the way for jihadist fanatics to sell blac…
Pretty sure I’ve never seen an attack ad directly targeting a deputy AG before... 
y2Bfree While You Are Tweeting About the Nunes Memo, Russia Is Plotting Its Midterms Attack 
It's grim to see the hard-left tactics I campaigned against as a student 40+ years ago now creeping back. Centre-right &amp; ce…
[WP] It's 2100. The British Voters have chosen to reinstate the Monarch as sole governors of Britain, the shock has…   
I don’t know what to call it, but you can’t call it a “batting attack”. There’s no attack, just lame sho… 
The  US State Depa ment has listed  Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh and two  Egyptian terrorists—Liwa al Thawra &amp; Harakat S…
Cc Muslims, especially, Muslim women.   
Feb 4- Tehran,  Iran 
hkhypy1:  PostgreSQL Possible PostgreSQL attack from 140.205.225.202  
Everyone in Hollywood has some cause they suppo . Mine is making sure kids don’t get mauled and killed by pitbulls. Why do…
this handwriting Surah al Ahzab56 can get more than 0,000 retweet? Islamic a    
Canadians need to listen to this courageous woman, she knows Islam from the inside - the time is sho !  banIslam   
Muhammad Married A 9 Year Old Girl   Accusation   
But our tribe isnt the only one under attack. His is too. This is a chance to expand our values to others.
Jadeja doesn't offer you a lot in England. Kuldeep does give you an option to attack.
The violence related to the release of Manirathnam movie Bombay was that it showed a Muslim woman marrying a Hindu man. T…
Resign. Resigning would be the best thing you could do for this country. Our allies hate you. You…  
ICYMI  ISRAEL  STA UP  EVENTS  LASTWEEK:Protego Wins the Cybe ech Sta up Competition
Hi, yes. I relate to this on a personal level because I have worked in customer service for almost 3 years and people can… 
so teach the Real ISLAM to your MOM and DAD ,my muslim frd says when he was child his mom d…   
You capital C must said a out other 6 murders committed by your muslim people. Your jihad is the r…  
Only if it concerns terrorism.
Im not promoting this trend but at this   is right way. No one have right to use women as tissue paper.  
It’s wo h saying again: Anyone who refuses to distinguish between racial hatred and criticism of religion arms BOTH bi…
The history will remember you Rojava Kurds, how heroic, fearless &amp; Noble you are defending your land against Turkis…   
Hey ARMYS 🌎🌍🌏
Thriller Fiction  MYGRL A lawyer, terrorists and a boat.  RRBC 
News
The development of natural gas resources off the coast of  Israel, a priority of Netanyahu since 2015, provides Ham…   
And   Human Rights Chief  Zeid  has no time for  Iran... Visit Indonesia, instead...to make sure Sharia will be e…   
Hea  attack 💘  TeamGOT7
China accuses US of 'Cold  War mentality' over  Nuclear policy - BBC News  
Tell me about the time the Attorney General in your administration was held in contempt of Congress for refusing to turn…
What is wrong with people???  
The United States suppo s the people of  Iran who are protesting against women being forced to wear the hijab. The Unit…
ISIS represent this barbarism, is it future of india with growing Muslim population. 
I thought my hair was a spider or something n had a mini hea  attack  
also, could you explain how exactly Islam causes air pollution &amp; since when are China &amp; India predomina…   
ySeeds: Cultural terrorism  committed by Black Lives Matter and antifa democrats is no different than cultural terrorism by ISIS…
ISIS get Suppo  of Turkey, same as AL Qaeda and FSA. They shoot yesterday for second Time SU down. Turkey again.   
So I got kinda drunk last night because I caught up with a highschool friend of mine I haven’t hung out properly with in…
BlackHistoryMonth Doris   Dorie   Miller (October 12, 1919 – November 24, 1943) was a Cook Third Class that the United St… 
Love jihad
Press freedom is under attack   Kenyan TV presenter   tells us why he hid during the current media shutdown… 
2018 election prep  
Pls stop killing Hindus u khangressi sickular Jihadus Jesus commies Terrorists!!
Obviously nothing to attack Corbyn over at the moment!
Just 3 months ago, Sarsour appeared at terror-financing ISNA's convention and called on Muslims to commit   jihad  . 
SWAT Team Takes Out ISIS Bomber As He Was Detonating Explosives - Blue Lives Matter  
IMO they should hold lines in Idlib for now, and clear the ISIS pocket first to avoid surprises, in…   
islamic virgin girls get fuck nude outdoor teen  
RonaqOnline offers free  shipping  pakistan wide  delivering.  
I’m waiting to see how   etc All repo  this.  Somehow they will find a way to attack Tru…
History Essays; how to structure your writing &amp; attack the question explicitly &amp; remorselessly throughout. Free PDF guid…
People scoffed at me for years for calling out anti-SJW “skeptics” for being too soft on the right and letting the far-right f…
In retaliation for the downing of a  Russian fighter jet, coward  Russia air force is targeting civilians in different… 
It is a quandary in what we think about this. It would seem Ironic though.
Lest we forget  NewZealand when  Israeli  Mossad agents were caught forging the identity of a  Kiwi with cerebral palsy, so t… 
😆 tell that to all the people killed by Islamic refugees and their families
Launch of Free Trade Zone at Pakistan's Gwadar Po  to boost Development and Economic Growth  Trade  Commerce…   lTuDU
OBAMA'S 'CULTURAL TERRORISM' LEFT TRUST DEFICIT ABROAD
Imagine if people built hospital instead of mosque. Imagine if people spent money on cancer research instead of giv…  
Climate change is all natural and they spreading a bunch of lies. That shows that the progressive democrats are all…  
islamic teens military sex stories  
Fuck Nationwide and their ridiculous adve s, it's the reason why ISIS hate us so much 
inRemains: Well I think we all know who could help stop that march of the hard right. When are you going to sta  opposing Mr Starm…
is anal sex haram in islam naked woman lesbians  
Did you forget something? Brennan and others lied in 2012 about shipping arms into Syria. Later IS…
moslems are vile &amp; islam is a death sentence
Look at this poor girl   horrific isn’t it &amp; you’ve lost track of those savages returning or already here? Thanks…
No it hasn't. Cadbury were an English company that had absolutly nothing at all to do with Halal or muslims or bloo…  
Try to learn this esp. Moden hindu woman...
Guess what America 98% of ISIS has been wiped off the face of the🌎45K of them gone
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Dazzling Gleam (IV: 93% - CP: 322 - L: 16 until 04:38:43am.  
Aiding egypt, israel conducted 'over 100 airstrikes' against isis in Sinai - Israel News - 
on now -of Islamic faith, voted what is this hospitality we offer them as visitors to this… 
I’ve just rewatched  GassievDo icos. Gassiev did a good job of lulling Do icos to sleep with his upper body rhyth…  
Kenya:trial of 5 men accused of being behind The Garissa university attack is set to resume tomorrow.
There is little difference between the hard right and the hard left when it comes to  antisemitism. The horseshoe theory. ht…
Zuma felt strongly that it was his constitutional duty to deliver Sona. “Government systems demand that he does, ot…   
Swan Don’t forget islamic slavery
A study by the Institiute for Jewish Research says antisemitism is no more widespread on left than anywhere else.
⬇Hookup with local girls at 🔽
Hea  Attack  KillASongOrBand
Non-US Citizen w/ Student-Visa Arrested at Virginia Tech w/ Assault Rifles (AR-15) &amp; Bullet Proof Vests &amp; Modified Pol…
A defeatist attitude would have given Hitler victory, our odds of beati…   
May Allah accept our effe s and guide the people towards Ahmadiyya (the true Islam). AAMEEN  
MEDIA BLACKOUT!
Tehran this morning, clashes btw  Iranian security forces &amp; Gonabadi dervishes! 
If you're looking for work in  Israel, check out this  job:    Pharmaceutical  Hiring 
Campaigning against Islam is like standing at the front of a room trying to warn everyone about the madman who has just ente…
You too trying hard to dive  attention from the principle by launching an attack on a messenger!People who made allegatio…
To be honest, I don’t care much about Islam. I care that it’s becoming a pa  of OUR lives, but I have no desire to inter… 
AMERICAN DOMINATION AND WORLD POLICE MAN VIOLATION TO INTERNATIONAL LAW AND  VIOLATION TO UNITED NATION TREATY AMER…  

HEZBOLLAH OFFICIAL WARNS TERROR GROUP CAN DESTROY  ISRAELI ARMY
i well known terrorist and the founder leader of Terrorist Haqqani group mavlana samiul haq is going to be appointe…  
From the senior British General in the coalition fighting IS. A message to his Nato pa ner, Turkey.   
NO country can survive so much treason &amp; betrayal from within...Political pa ies, Govt, even the PM &amp; the religious ga… 
ISLAM IS NOT A RACE
But pa y of Tiwari has running a campaign of Love Jihad.  
2  Pak trained  LeT terrorists, Abdul Majeed Bhat, a resident of Kreeri &amp; Mohammad Ashraf Mir, of Pattan have been arrest… 
Feb 4-  Tehran,  Iran 
Let’s just get this straight: America as we know it is under attack by its own president, and many in Congress are aiding… 
jihadist terrorists and occupying Turks will lose, the Kurds will win! 
Russian pilot ‘killed in fighting’ after plane downed in  Syria  Mexico  US  Qatar
😏When I Hear radical islam this is what my mind comes up with....👍  
Political correctness gone mad: murder now a 'grey area'.
Pretty much where the case &amp; trial will sta  with too!  Even though it goes back much fu her,  early…   
Ugh. Really  ? If you go to  NoHijabDay my video isn’t even there.
1.6 billion Muslims in 50+ Islamic countries can't find room for a few of their own?
Protesters expressing their true feelings about  Iran's regime founder Khomeini, saying   Death to Khomeini   &amp;   Death to K… 
F9Park is always  awesome ,  Islamabad  Pakistan  Photo  Photography  Nature   
After 20 overs, bowl Hardik all you want. 
BBC: Tommy Robinson is a Bigger Threat to the UK Than 400 Jihadis.
When your goal in life is to please Allah, what others think or say about you doesn't matter.  Muslims  Islam 
▶  Republicans in Minnesota Try a New Line of Attack on a Socialist Candidate: She’s Not a Democra... https:/…
just like you west folks consider isis terrorist (for defending sunni muslims) we con…
It was about time for his peach to attack  
STORY OF MY LIFE
Order YOUR greenBuilt Hat TODAY! 100% Sustainable Cotton.
teach the Real ISLAM to your MOM and DAD ,my muslim frd says when he was child hi…   
BREAKING Deputy PM Bozdag says if terrorists do not leave Manbij, Turkish troops will move into the city, and east of E… 
Well stop tweeting about it and…  
NATO and CIA making drug trafficking in USA, in order to finance contras for buying ammo…   
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
Shark attack!  
India is suffering from the cancer of Jihad and Islamic extremism for past 1000  years. A lobectomy w…  
Human  can deserve the Human rights only  if he follow his humanity  
That makes no sense. America is the one providing Manpads and so responsible for this attack.
Thuli Madonsela and Pravin Gordhan sharing a platform with FW De Klerk to attack president Zuma. Imagine jewish people teami…
Plenty of Women Gun Owners would Strongly Disagree with you Dianne. We are more than able to defend ourselves &amp; our fa…
Time to give   a listen then    
Jacob Rees-Mogg’s attack on civil servants who warn that UK will be worse off after leaving EU bears the whiff  of despera…
y1…
US talks of peace while threatening others with nukes: Rouhani    Iran
.  is besties w/   who called for Jihad in US.
Just another day in Malmo  Sweden.
Seven Turkish soldier killed in Syria, including five in tank attack: Seven Turkish…   
Pakistan offers joint investigation on Kabul terror attack... Proud?
Launch of Free Trade Zone at Pakistan's Gwadar Po  to boost Development and Economic Growth  Trade  Commerce  Economy  Economic…
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
Do you consider    Economic Violence   to be terrorism too? If so does that make Welsh labour government…   
9' Attack from Subash from the wings from that free kick and he manages to release a cross which finds Irshad on th…  
Mass exodus of families fleeing  Saraqeb town towards no hern  Idlib due to constant heavy aerial bombardment.  Syria http…
It is disgusting to read some of the comments being made about the Russian pilot who died today fighting terrorists. Yo…
Im not promoting this trend but at this time   is right way. No one have right to use women as tissue pap…  
The first people dictators attack are a ists and writers. We tend to be people unafraid to  …
I wonder what the poor little children of Syria would say to this...  
For anyone using  Ledger, there's a potential attack vector if the computer is infected. However, double checking t…   
Karachi Dar-ul-Madinah Islamic school located F.B Area need Female teachers English speaking education graduate ph  02136347377
Deeply saddened at the innocent loss of life in Swat attack. Hea felt condolences to those who lost loved ones. And may…
Pakistani  Taliban claim attack that killed 11 soldiers |  
“A New Dawn” –  NCIS team investigates the murder of a petty officer in town to help a refugee family being recruited by te…
UAAP: Balanced attack brings opening day win for NU Lady Bulldogs    
🔁 A  Attack
Hawaii man who sent ale  says he was   100 percent sure   attack was real  H4   
2 points of agreement here:  The link between drugs and terrorism (which I have stated before). And the purpose of…  
Genie_io:  SMAG  Sma GenieIO
Iraq: Families with ISIS relatives Forced into Camps  
this so  of play looks familiar 🐍  
CLICK HERE ⏩⏩⏩   ⏪⏪⏪  Attack of italian transsexual. Funny quotes about  husbands  and wives.
Our  Green  Sustainable CAFboard  BuildingProducts help Build Our World. Order YOURS Today. We ship Worldwide. Visit our…
Instead of focusing on development works, BJP/RSS are creating more viol…   
We slaughter goats in Islamic way just for target practice : Indian Muslims  
we are together❤
mouth fuck french porno isis taylor male porn latina booty india uncovered older lesbians sister free movies porn
You must be so proud of Josh Connor(Bristol) for his attack on one of our leading politicians. Great…
H.R. McMaser fired brilliant military strategist Rich Higgins for criticizing radial Islam - “Read the Politically…  
Teenager investigated by counter terrorism police after 'threatening to kill' gay and lesbian revellers at LGBT ...  
The reason why people didn't attack Obama on his attacks on Whistleblowers, using the IRS to target di…   
2018 World Cup Footballs To Be Made In  Pakistan
Egypt, Israel are secretly fighting against ISIS together - New York Post   
What usually happens is these Muslims first adopt Communism as a framework to challenge colonialism and imperialism whil…
Hea  strong vs. Hea  attack 😂💙 ALLINAteneo
they the cause of my mini hea  attack  
VIDEO shows precision strikes on militants who downed Russian jet in  Syria .  
world: Italian police arrest a suspect who opened fire on African migrants in the central city of Macerata injuring several people i…
No YOU STFU. Most of Christianity has moved forwards and progressed. I‘m a Christian and believe t…  
This is how we saw it! Ku is will pick up sharpness &amp; goals will come. Was good to see solid  colu defensi…
F9Park is always  awesome ,  Islamabad  Pakistan  photography  Nature   
Broken hea  syndrome is real -- and it can be just as deadly as a hea  attack.    
Pete ownsend7: Goat got your Qur'an?  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot  n
azaGeoNews: It's a fashion for Pakistani TVs to attack Geo on daily basis, round the clock, but they r silent over attacks on judic… 
So basically you're left learning in you're political views as Ricky is,he never speaks o…   
LEGO DC Universe Super Heroes Justice League - Knightcrawler Tunnel Attack    
Kyu Sakamoto - Sukiyaki - A soothing song to drown out the terrorists in Taiji.    Tweet4Taiji
why do we muslims try to play down islam to non-muslims by saying   we're not forced to pray, fast, abstain from alcohol, we… 
Iran: 3 minor offenders hanged in Iran including young bride    
Akhlaq murder = Hindu terrorism
The history will remember you Rojava Kurds, how heroic, fearless &amp; Noble you are defending your land against Turkish stat… 
Seven Turkish soldier killed in Syria, including five in tank attack   
i'm not a donghan stan but same bro  
F9Park is always  awesome ,  Islamabad  Pakistan   
working out how uk police can assault people breaking limbs and attack kill their anim…  
BREAKING Police forced to flee &amp; leave their motorcycles behind after they fail to forcibly disrupt anti-regime ga…  
Some goal  
If it would have a musim boy hindu girl then it would been…  
Do you guys see a sign of (political) Islam anywhere in this video? I dont and probably western leftists would accu…   hU
azaGeoNews: Its not only Pakistan's independent media that's under attack, vultures r targeting independent judiciary too to get th… 
another  Zionist cheering on  AlQaeda  
This is not new. Since the death of Tito the balkans is a constant fire. Stoked by many for political purpose. It w…  
And yet it's Canada who's admitting in more terrorists everyday.
Concluding Session will sta  at 2.45 PM BST. Stay With Us - Jalsa Salana Bangladesh 2018
Hea  attack
As far as stations go, southern cross is the most depresso to have a panic attack at, closely followed by the 78 tram to Flemington 
Opinion: Trump is right -- He and his campaign were victims of a political attack by the Justice Depa ment and FBI…  
If we had Alexis right now we’d be sitting here watching us 1-0 down with 70% possession, every attack ending with a spec… 
This will make your blood boil.
With journalist Eva Ba lett on  Syria  
Attack error  GBSariSari MarcBoosters
No. Fuck off.  
I also love the common complaint that all the greens and their suppo ers ever do is attack labor . If yo…  
SAvIND   had a good batting line up, for always. But when was the last time  TeamIndia had a such threatening bowling attack 
Why are you defending Islam when you know it would be happy to throw you off a roof?  
Families with ISIS relatives Forced into Camps - Human Rights Watch  
Erdogan promises to resign if  Daesh oil links to Turkey are confirmed  
o teach the Real ISLAM to your MOM and DAD ,my muslim frd says when he was chil…   
Its incredible the stories CONSCIOUS minds make up, just to confirm their bias. Who needs drugs? One brain with inn…   
Islamic scholar   is held in  France and charged with  rape of two  women!    Oxfor…
Make my world go black, hit me like a hea  attack, knock me flat on my back  DierksBentley 
Never believe a muslim whatsoever unless he/she denounce Islam
Jigglypuff ♂ Feint Attack/Dazzling Gleam (IV: 98% - CP: 650 - L: 34 until 04:38:33am.  
My brain cells when Hea  Attack is at the ending chorus.  
Since people want to attack me for this. I’m not saying the moon can control us because we’re made up of water lol. I’m…
Mali: No casualties recorded amidst tonight's attack against the gendarmerie in Mandiakuy,   Ségou near the  BurkinaFaso b… 
I really don't understand. India have the best spinners in the world, and their batsmen handle spin the best in the…   
[1st set] An attack error by Pons surrenders the first set to the Lady Eagles.
Stretch this into wars
He's such a good guy. And he internalizes all this pressure. He's gonna have a hea  attack.  glee
LIMITED TIME OFFER!  Investor  SocialInvestor  ImpactInvestor OPPO UNITY! $30k  Bitcoin $2k  Ether  Cryptocurrency  Inv…
you know it's illegal to attack people?  
Muslim  Abaya Gown  Dress Elegant Lace Embrodiery  Ramadan  Arabic Plus Size Robes Kimono T urkish Musulmane…  
jihadist terrorists and occupying Turks will lose, the Kurds will win! 
Islamic terrorism
A military convoy of the FSA heads from Idlib to Turkish territory to pa icipate in the Olive Branch  
I love this!!! Islamic preachings tho 😍😍. I should get me a Qur'an  
And today's   children's book to watch out for: Rabbit &amp; Bear: Attack of the Snack by   and  …
Protesters detained in  Kermanshah, Ilam and Urmia kept in state of limbo   
US pick for UN refugee post called Muslims violent, Christians top priority 
Cardinals P named in lawsuit alleging strip club attack -  
WhoHas2019Edge |   It was your government who coined the term 'saffron terrorism',   says Senior Journalist Kanchan Gupta. 
DISTURBING: Trudeau Liberals Vote AGAINST Motion Calling For ISIS Fighters To Be Prosecuted - Spencer Fernando https:/…
I am a Muslim, Islam is perfect but I am not. If I make a mistake, blame it on me, not on my religion. 
The   in Gaza Strip is receiving a new cultural and historical trip today at  Gaza War Cemetery  CWGC100  
This is what happens when you mainstream anti-immigrant sentiment; when you form electoral strategies on stoking historica…
Islamic laws never the term of brain wash ...wt ever is w in in geeta ,Bible same…   
: Turkish foreign minister Mevlut Cavusoglu blames international criticism of  Turkey to   hostility toward Turk, Turkey &amp; Isl… 
ACT NOW! USA  EB5  EB5Visa  Immigrant  Investor   Visa Program to become a US Citizen. 50% Discount w/ Bitcoin  Ether  C…
Mexican brother reve ed to Islam at holy Shrine of Imam Reza (AS)  
nearly had a fuckin hea  attack
O shiva! Trahi Trahi!
if our soil is chromosone Y hagar...its muslim soil.....and torah...islam&gt;jews
Mahnaz Yousefi was to ure alog with her daughter.  She sent her child out of prison saying she doesn’t want to make he…
Muslims kill!
So now I'm going to call Kirikakure Saizo to the right. Attack the fighter Ninja Warriors!
This is another form of terrorism. Extremely brutal and inhuman act.  
My dad tragically passed away on January 31, 2018 he was found face down in his apa ment, he died of a hea  attack on a w… 
This is nothing but a scumbag neocon  Russophobic outlet that suppo s IS terrorists and Al Q terrorist…
Turkish border guards shoot, block fleeing Syrian asylum seekers - watchdog    Afrin  Aleppo  Syri… 
Yes.. Islamic terrorism
Feb 4 - Tehran,  Iran 
.  The word ‘is’ in your Twitter Bio reminds me of something else. Was this done on purpose? Just checking cons…
Captive pilot murdered by mercenaries-terrorists in his heroic fight to save Syria
What a magnificent leader you are, changing your national anthem yet you have no problem with extremist and fundamentalist… 
I remember being a a home game at Adamstown Oval watching and when you were attacking I was yelling…  
MannKiBaat
WorldCancerDay Cancer is terroristic disease and just as terrorism is increasing
. Magashule the ace zudas in the  ANCTop6. Got to thank  Mokonyane for his surprise   win  . If the corrupt ones in…   
Witnesses in  Geneva civil Society hearing for  1988Massacre They rushed to our home and arrested all members of the family…
Italy -  Fascist pa y  ForzaNuova pledges suppo  to the lone gunman who carried out the  terror attack in  Macerata this…
The new move is an attempt to counteract terrorism internationally  
“I have a medically fragile child with a hea  condition. The  TrumpTax is a direct attack on him and our family.” — Betsy at…
BREXIT: Brexiteers' attacks on civil servants 'like pre-war Nazi Germany' /  EU  Brexit  
How to do IELTS Reading: step-by-step instructions
Who are you to authorized that? Let society decides and clear you stand on love jihad.    
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack   
Tehran Pasdaran street
Russia'n airstrikes continues on Idlib, but Regime Tiger forces leave Idlib toward ISIS pockets 
“And Allah provides ‘Rizq’ to whom he wishes without any account.”
Turkey decides   to give   Syrian Homes   in  Afrin to Jihadists. WHO THE HELL ARE THEY TO DECIDE ANYTHING FOR SYRIANS? https…   
Quake ale  for  Iran MN2.6 Depth: 9.00km 2018-02-04T09:01:38Z   ^bot
The truth is in the actions leading to countless rapes of ma…  
The largest Islamist group in the US stockpiling weapons in preps for “Jihad against Trump” - Free Speech Time…  
VOTE ATTACK !!
Yes mam   .i upset to see media hw baised ppl on isis type murder by jihadi ppl..nd h…
.  fact check Nora Mulready is NOT a Labour Cllr and never has been. However glad that finally her views have…
Boko attack as usual
*kisses Mukuro-sama on cheek* the attack was effective!
Newly   prequalified typhoid conjugate vaccine used in outbreak response in  Pakistan to  TakeOnTyphoid. Read more o…
: No poll in Iran under dictatorship unless a  FakeIranPoll meant to falsely show the regime still has suppo ! When IRGC arr…
For those in doubt, ISLAM IS A PATRIARCHAL RELIGION, but it isn’t misogynistic. It doesn’t restrict a woman to some…   
⛔ISIS
Please See My New Post : What is Hea  Attack ? Causes and symtomps of hea  attack  
poto ass and smallbpy nude islamic girl pics  
She’s like a d- actress  
Nice terror attack: Moment gunman is shot dead after killing 84 people | Metro News  
politicians attack social media over  fakenews and are now worried their campaigns won't get enough air time! see,…   
Two billion to Pakistan. That once diverse country conquered by the Islamic State?? Fuck you  …
Ria's floor defense.
Economics of scale for infosec will naturally create centralization because a queryable list of hot-wallets…
VIDEO: Cop Barely Escapes Knife Attack, Shoots Attacker Inches Away 
These terrorists are US proxies on sovereign  Syrian territory
Wud  Israel allow  Egypt Air Force to strike positions in  Gaza or Israel??  
See here ISIS mindset  
Network team wants to raise awareness we see MITM attack attempts. Use secure protocols to connect to the outside! Also if you…
For Singapore authorities, a militant attack is a case of ‘when, not if’ 
Fire your correspondent.  
Those aren’t atheists mate; those are deceptive religious fanatics who serve their father, the devil.…   
H.R. McMaser fired brilliant military strategist Rich Higgins for criticizing radial Islam - “Read the Politically Incorrect…
The absence of a term like   terrorist   to describe this act raises the harmful issue of *double standard* that many Muslims… 
Don't tell  Erdogan. He will accuse left-handed people of organizing the coup and toss them all in jail. Worse, he will tu… 
Boko Haram was then 'technically defeated.' Now 'completely defeated.' A minute of sile…  
Hehe when its so contextual only y its so its implementation so precise nd effective.Detonatin xplosiv nd firing indiscrimin…
Cabinet ministers   and   say Israel is not only gathering intel in Sinai, but also acting…   
After that who sta ed spreading terrorism
Don’t Attack the Evil in Others...Attack the Evil in You.    ALDUBMakeAWish TagLine: WE WANT ALDUB
Rightly said  
A wary calm prevailing in  Idlib so far. No  Russia or  Syria jets repo ed. Activists believe it's an 'undeclared truce' unti…
Aleppo : The university town suffers the same moral decline as the  Assad  regime. Intermittent power, patchy internet,… 
My boy Vageta got the right amount of power he was deserving. total respect for Him. The last time he used that attack he…
Freedom is basic rights for the people of  Balochistan.
As someone brought up in the Catholic faith I'd like to take this oppo unity to say that Christianity is not about terro…
o teach the Real ISLAM to your MOM and DAD ,my muslim frd says when he was c…   
Islam does not
Capt Jazib ma yred today along with 7 troops while nearly 10 wounded in a suicide attack in Swat.
Turkey lost 7 soldiers today during the operations against YPG in Afrin, including an attack by the terrorists to a border… 
Exclusive:   and   in talks to set up in  SaudiArabia - sources | Reuters  
I liked a   video   Nutty Professor 2: The Klumps (8/9) Movie CLIP - Giant Hamster Attack (2000) HD
How is voting for Steptoe who suppo s terrorists killing and murdering UK citizens . Plus of couse Steptoe also suppo s…
I’ve literally never seen you drag jikook shippers.... I think I’ve only ever seen yoh respond to anon…  
Why do you think that ASIO got them so   stop embarrassing the LNP or more so Howard.  
h     iTikoo  HinduLivesMatter
People who think my immigrant family doesn’t deserve to be here, or that my body is a baby incubator re… 
Footage: Women's  YPJ ATGM team strike against Turkish army's Leopard 2A4,killing crew. Bilbil district. Afrin  Syria https… 
Relentless  IranProtests are causing grave concerns for those sitting on  Iran's throne. My   piece provides a look…
It is so impo ant that voices like those from are raised opposing the demotion of homes in  sus…
Misty is a homely cat she actually watches tv or maybe I should word that she stares at the tv when it'…  
After done hanging your head in shame, please demand reform in Islam and Shariat, so that a Hindu falling in love with a Mus… 
BREAKING The death toll in Afrin ATGM attack to a Turkish tank rose to 5. Turkish military says 5 soldiers ma yred.
News: Pakistan wants mutual respect, equality-based relations with ....    Pakistan  news…   
The holocaust was a hideous and vile attack on Jews. However, this does not stop an objective view…   
4. 'member when Mark Burnett's super-Christian friends got caught laundering money for ISIS?
Feel good when Star's trail for money brings a good…  
Families with ISIS relatives Forced into Camps - Human Rights Watch  
Ooo! I'm sure they do 🙄  
Learn Islam
There are no great jobs. You’re wrong. There were less jobs created in 2017 than in 2016,15,14,13,…   
Feb 3 - Tehran,  Iran 
JeremyCorbyn was never a 'peace broker' - he never spoke to loyalists - He simply hung out with Sinn Fein, Adams &amp;…   
One Turkish soldier ma yred in Afrin after an ATGM attack to a Turkish tank, Turkish military says 
I still remember the first time I saw that video, nearly had a hea  attack 
Sami ul Haq is not just ideological suppo er of Taliban, he has actual links with terrorists. BB's murder was planned in hi… 
Özil was heavily criticised in his first two seasons at Arsenal but he was levels above Paul Pogba’s first two years. Most…
So proud and uplifting too see this displayed in No h London - my home base. Edgware road is also one of the longest &amp; b…
Kids holding toy guns &amp; wearing  Pakistan Army uniform in DPC rally r symbolizing suppo  for our armed forces. Real guns we…
Retweeted Brendan Cox ( ):
BDS BECAUSE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Gaza  
Was supposed to see a friend today I haven't seen in ages but have woken up with a dizzy attack and another flare u…  
The chant of every Iranian: Down with Rouhani! Down with Khamenei!   
In a civil war area, I'm on drugs. 
Many political pa ies across Europe, and politicians too, are far-right/neonazi leaning. Nationalism and fascism a…   
Guests Marr Saying Mogg attack had 3 or 4 different views and Mogg is a liar over civil service doc Marr sit…  
Hea  Attack
New mass grave found in Shingal contains the remains of more than 77 Ézidi folk all murdered by Islamic terrorists…  
Definitely, but you better arm yourself with the Word of God, the devil will oppose yo…   
Am just concerned that , Angela Merkel among others are quiet as @ _Erdogan whom they call…   
in    BDS BECAUSE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Gaza  
IOU founded by Dr. Bilal Philips offers
Even though the “regime” built this stadium in Edlib for humans and not for animals, “moderate” rebels banned spo s beca… 
My knowledge about UWE is less secure, but from the video it is clear that the protesters weren’t there to attack h…   
Nothing comes easy. Zondo's got us. I don't have that much/any faith in JP though. But I have fait…  
As per  NYT writer Firedman’s opinion, Saudi under MBS is trying to work for its people bringing a large scale refo…   
Aubameyang just world class, Mkhitaryan showing his Do mund form. Be scared of the New Arsenal Attack🙌🙌 
in  BDS BECAUSE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Gaza  
Instead of cooperating with a legitimate and serious investigation, President Trump has decided to attack and undermine… 
Farzane Majdi – My aunt was arrested in 81 and received a 7 year prison.  But she was never released and was executed d…
oh fuck i’d have a hea  attack 😩😩  
I would've had a hea  attack yo
Read it &amp; imo, this rebuttal takes advantage of the fact that Nunes was restricted as 2 what he could include in th…   
Reducing  phishing attack remediation from weeks to minutes can help companies prevent substantial financial damage…  
Three paratroopers during the military demonstration in Abu Dhabi, UAE. More:    minimalism  a photogr… 
BDS BECAUSE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Gaza  
o teach the Real ISLAM to your MOM and DAD ,my muslim frd says when he was c…   
Suddenly brutal murder of Ankit Saxena became a ‘Law &amp; Order’ issue for the liberal media, They are the same people wh… 
The genuine Last Men in Aleppo are the SYRIAN Civil Defence, est.1953 in Syria (not in Turkey), who are rebuilding their c… 
The United States has designated  Hamas Chief Ismail Haniyeh as a specially designated terrorist, becoming the first count… 
For friends who misunderstood this tweet, it's nothing against Islam, people from all sizes and shapes… 
Here's what's next for  SaudiArabia's elite after leaving the Ritz  
Voice of Islam volunteers and their families attending today's  VOIconference. Working towards propagating the true Voice…
toCONSIDER Massive Russian air strikes have killed at least 30 militants in no hwest  Syria, where a Russian figh…   
Opinion: Trump is right -- He and his campaign were victims of a political attack by the Justice Depa ment and FBI…  
Europe becoming a shithole  
for the past week I learn that tudung, kopiah and jubah cannot be touched because meleis worship these three items. Appar… 
My latest piece: Modern imperialism goes on trial, and is found guilty:  Iraq  Afghanistan  Libya  Yugoslavia  Yemen  Syri… 
Oh my god, Attack of the good celebrities died in 2016, so we wouldn’t have to find out a genre? 
BDS BECAUSE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Gaza  
Yep all of Obama’s White House was in on the transformation of a country to a socialist Islamic state
No no no no ur president gave isis loads of guns, free passpo s, hospital treatments.. isis= turkey so…   
In  Iran, “Women are showing that they are no longer afraid. We used to fear the government, now it’s the government t… 
The Daily curated news on  internationalrelations and  politics is out ~    breakingnews  saudiarabia  russia
WHICH CLUB HAS THE BEST ATTACK?
With the healthiest lifestyle you  cannot avoid the constant EMF attack  - very damaging to your health  Solution…  
USA hands out MANPADS to their terrorist proxies in  Syria.
Where are these innocent children as terrorists? How are the human beings, the Kurdish people, against which religi…   
SO ISLAMIC.  
im so bored someone attack me
i walked into the bedroom and had a hea  attack  
120dB is the new and improved  MeToo
With the healthiest lifestyle you  cannot avoid the constant EMF attack  - very damaging to your health  Solution…  
SaudiArabia to sponsor weight loss surgeries to fight obesity    
Feb 4-  Tehran,  Iran 
Linda Sarsour has made anti Israel &amp; anti Semitic comments in the past. She’s justified the existence of…  
I can confirm that Ace Magashule was in tears when he was being grilled by the NEC for going to KZN to attack the new…
Is Justin Trudeau a Muslim Conve  and Suppo er of ISIS ????  
It's okay for feminists to be raving hypocrites, just look at the interviews they do to at…   
Traveltip: Snap a shot of the best view in Doha at the Museum of Islamic A ! From here, you can see across the ba…   
Attack on the pin up boys  TeamSuperJunior  TwitterBestFandom
Liverpool vs Tottenham: No Mane, Alli or Ve onghen in our attack-minded combined XI  LFC  YNWA  FNH   
The Venus Project - Resource Based Economy    Scarcity  Hunger  Pove y  War
Our friend Julian is an Islamic apologist outright. He works fo…  
neyact Great long as you are happy in your JOB   Go with it I d rather live…  
i hope my future man is as obsessed with me as ex-muslims are obsessed with islam 😍🙈
Obama’s leftist holdovers attack America’s ‘soul’ -   -  
I don’t mean play totally our game, but we can’t have a plan to defend if we don’t have a plan to attack! 
Anxiety attack. Life changed for me in 25 minutes.    anxiety  stress  
That awkward moment when the mainstream media still refers to Jabhat al-Nusra terrorists (Al-Qaeda’s branch in Syria) as “re…
They ought not to have done. The area where the pilot was killed is controlled by terrorists.
We have fully updated our post on the Su-25 shoot-down with a ton of new details, as well as Russia's response, both in… 
Send your War videos to my insta dm  im putting them up tonight !!!!
fuck off to all the terrorists and the bullies
U.S. suppo s the people of  Iran who are protesting against women being forced to wear the hijab. We condemn repo ed arres…
100% moslim. Moslims have to strike Jews by means of Islam/Koran.
Go follow   🐝 — A unique online blog offering the individual perspectives of secondary school student…  
Appreciation and respect to  Israel's Minister of Communication   for his tireless work to improve Israel'…  
Russian SU-25  fighter jet shot down over Saraqib. Pilot killed.  Syria Last 14 days Incidents:  
im so bored someone attack me
The entire family welcomed him back, it was like old times… 
Aiding Egypt, Israel conducted 'over 100 airstrikes' against ISIS in Sinai 
i walked into the bedroom and had a hea  attack  
Reducing  phishing attack remediation from weeks to minutes can help companies prevent substantial financial damages. Learn…
IdahoHoneyPot: Shields UP!!  Telnet incoming Telnet attack from 181.208.82.3  
I liked a   video   We Broke A World Record - Clash of Clans 2018 | Trojan War - Last Minute War Attack
For months, House Republicans have conducted a coordinated smear campaign against law enforcement, especially the men and… 
Looks like he’s a professional agitator then! I wonder if he was behind Annie’s attack?
Note the words:   SEEKS PEACE    defendafrin   
Hello is it me you're looking for  Syria  
America is under  internet attack,  possible  InterContinentalBALLASTICMissles from  No hKorea and  sabotage of o…   
Jan 23 - Shiraz, S  Iran 
'Dead Centre' is the name of any area where this  Welsh gang operates for hire. Read about their new form of  terrorism in…
Hero of Israeli intelligence making waves for speaking common sense on Islam - the far left can't abide the truth!  
The purpose of the   is to inform  people of the teachings of  TrueIslam ...... so that the listeners of thi… 
Russia betrayal gave an oppo unity to Erdogan to realize his histeric ottoman dream in middle east with help of ji…  
Iran's plans to sustainable development underway: Vice-president - Home   via    Iran  
Talha Ibn Ubaidullah dedicated his  life to  defending and  propagating  Islam
Attack on J&amp;K students in Haryana: Accused assaulted 5 other men leaving same mosque, says police – The Indian Expr…   
The latest Iran Daily News!    iran  iranprotests
Smiling  ISIS child soldier is given an  AK47 rifle by his  teacher
Interesting! Pakistans new Islamic icon exposing the (in)competence of the Chief Justice...says he would be washing the…
Thank god for friends that are there when ur having an anxiety attack at 3am 😫
Priestess of Isis. Trying to broaden my range more.  
o teach the Real ISLAM to your MOM and DAD ,my muslim frd says when he was ch…   
It appears the  Russian pilot that was shot down didn't surrender, and maybe even took a few jihadists with him. RIP hero.  … 
One of the world's most handsome chef is an  Indian named Vikas Khanna. This clip shares how a random  Muslim family owned h…
MT   Armed masked men raided VDC- HR lawyer Razan Zaitouneh &amp; colleagues were kidnapped.
Islam • No one of you is a believer until he desires for his brother that which he desires for himself.
Two Millions of people In  Gaza Strip are human and has rights .
Jigglypuff ♂ Feint Attack/Disarming Voice (IV: 93% - CP: 476 - L: 24 until 05:12:02am.  
Lesson | The Meaning of Islam by   for New Muslims &amp; Non-Muslims | Read by Abu 'Aaisha Shamsudeen | Today at 6.30pm | All Welcome
We've also had a xenophobe and ignorant masquerading as a 'journalist' tweet a load of rubbish.
And will be defended by our cowardly PM.  Nazism rears it’s ugly head.  
PLEASE RETWEET
Voters need to remember Democrats did not just spy and  attack Trump, they attacked the voting choices… 
It's interesting how all those insisting little girls wear hijab to British school because of parental 'choice', ar…   
Exposing the lies the religion of Islam teaches regarding  the return of  Jesus  Christ.  Bible  
Kita Katz &amp; SITE Intelligence Group Exposed!
Iraqi troops advance into  anbar dese  in anti-ISIS offensive near Saudi Arabian border  Iraq  MENA  oilandgas  
Official Video of BJYM Karnataka Digital Communications Team demanding resignation of Home Minister Ramalinga Reddy. Karnatak…
Syria //  Idlib // Source tells us RuaF jets launched 3 air strikes on the surrondings of their downed jet. Air activ…
Secret Alliance:  Israel Carries Out Airstrikes in  Egypt, With Cairo’s O.K.   
I just watched Attack on TitanS01E04 9.72/10   tvtime  
Feb 4 - Tehran,  Iran 
“Republicans are attacking British intelligence by attacking Steele &amp; they probably will attack more intel agencies across Euro…
UNESCO  Iran organizes training on trans-boundary  water management for water professionals from  Afghanistan and  Iran: https…
📣  Toronto,  Canada: Iranian resistance suppo ers call for regime change in  Iran. 📣 
The Sabir Abu Maryam Daily is out!    afghanistan  syria
If you’re under attack, it’s not because of where you’ve been. Its because of where you’re going! 
Yaaa~ I am home and ready to attack with softness!
UK: Muslim teen leaves flyers and CD’s in two of London’s biggest hospitals, calling for jihad terror attacks…   
The life of a Humvee
Police arrest 29 women for not wearing  hijab in  Iran
Retweeted Heshmat Alavi ( ):
:  SSH Possible SSH attack from 115.238.245.2  
Not impo ant news    syria  no hkorea
Come now jihad is just pa  of the cult of peace!  
But I thought the head hackers suppo ed the Syrian football team?   isangirl    …  
Israel carries out secret air strikes against Islamic State in Egypt: Repo 
Why do you compare ISIS   tourists   to Greeks and Italians who came to this country for a better life   . They wor… 
SaudiArabia to sponsor weight loss surgeries to fight obesity    
Iran Oil Ministry to sta  legal action against Pakistan
Why do terrorists want John Cannon? They think he will help them. HisRevenge    RRBC  ASMSG  
Muslims believe that reading of the  Quran is rewarded with divine rewards  ep3_M&amp;S  
organization(ISIS)to retrieve functional Super Soldier Serums that Hitlers mad scientists have developed in exchange for fut… 
We all have different constraints on our time, but if you can lunch with prope y developer PR agents 10 times who atta… 
FactCheck True!  WakeUpAmerica R U sta ing to see? It not about race!  FactsMatter  MAGA  
Russia betrayal gave an oppo unity to Erdogan to realize his histeric ottoman dream in middle east with help of jihadist ga…
Nothing feels more like a personal attack than hearing your favourite song as a child on   Bollocks. I'm only 24. How very dare you.
Maybe if you wasnt so scared to attack it would have been a marshmallow wall  
UK At Serious Risk Of Major Cyber-Attack By End Of Decade  
Officer Shoots, Kills German Shepherd After Dogs Go On Attack In Oakland   
VOTE ATTACK!!
My vote's for  SlowHands by   for  BestLyrics at  iHea Awards
My knowledge about UWE is less secure, but from the video it is clear that the protesters weren’t there to attack him, they… 
It’s when, not if:  Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack 
“We are going to kill you”: Myanmar non-Muslims recall jihad massacres by Rohingya Muslims  
Pakistan marks World Cancer Day    pakistan  news
Khalid Ibn Waleed was known as the sword of Allah and was undefeated in battle. He was responsible of many of the early expansions for Islam
Strongly condemn the suicide attack on Army unit in  Swat Prayers for the ma yred soldiers: Imtiaz Chandio moien shaik…
aafaque_ehsens_ideamines_sites Doing what by rights the  Pakistan govt should    
Feb 4 -  Tehran,  Iran 
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for terrorist attack 
USA hands out MANPADS to their terrorist proxies in  Syria.
ISIS Islamic or not?  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
News: 16 Pakistanis died in Libya boat tragedy.    Pakistan  news  morningmail  morning.pk  
Jaafar Husaini  spokesman of Kataeb Hizbollah in  Iraq just stated that they are capabale of eradicating US presence and w…
Deadly Interferences: The Regional Proxy War in Yemen  Iran  Saudi  
“Why I left ISIS and Islam.”
Al Maha Ceramics brings state-of-the-a  polishing and squaring tiles in the  GCC  
Armenia has recognized the genocide committed against Iraq's Yezidis by ISIS. Well done on this impo ant decision.  
Full on attack this morning
Ah, the classic -Bollocks, we're losing the argument, better call them Nazis- play. 👌 
Rashford, Ma ial and Sanchez leading United's attack 😍😍  MUNHUD  mufc 
Brilliant a icle putting the present alt-right attack on FBI/DOJ credibility in context as  a continuation of the movemen…
Community attack police whilst effecting drug arrest, Helenvale    PE 
ISIS releases issue 4 of Rumiyah magazine, released first in Russian and Turkish. Includes commentary on  OhioSt...   
As per  NYT writer Firedman’s opinion, Saudi under MBS is trying to work for its people bringing a large scale refo…   
BREXIT: Brexiteers' attacks on civil servants 'like pre-war Nazi Germany' /  EU  Brexit  
Nahhh raw r not like ur porkistani Isis killing innocent afgani ppl daily bases.
panic attack is real👌👌
BREAKING Police forced to flee &amp; leave their motorcycles behind after they fail to forcibly disrupt anti-regime gatheri…
Afghanistan should not fall into the trap of joint investigation for Kabul terror attacks as suggested by Pakistan Forei…
Swat suicide attack planned and controlled from Afghanistan. Pakistan and Afghanistan need to identify their common enemy…
Maybe he’s talking about it as he is sick of hearing brainwashed idiots spouting off about it, your re…   
Pak being helped from forces within India; Congress, Separatists, PFI, Muslims from Kashmir, UP, WB, Kerala and many oth… 
Russian missiles strike area of Su-25 downing, killing at least 30 terrorists – MoD —   World News   
Browse Horizon Quran Topic on Quran  Islam [81:23]  
Yeah I wonder how far back in Australian Aboriginal history Islam…  
Good afternoon in the office for you as their attack was nullified by a great all round performance…  
o teach the Real ISLAM to your MOM and DAD ,my muslim frd says when he was chi…   
Syria Repo s claim  Assad forces stop fu her advance deeper into  Idlib province bc   agreement with other countries   (A… 
France jails Islamic scholar on rape charge, judicial source says 
She is not stupid. She is shrewd by playing to the sentiments of the radicalized to win more votes. Ques…  
Delhi HC directs relief for CRPF jawan injured in 1989  Terror  Attack  
We join our Pakistani friends in condemning this cowardly incident and offering our condolences to all those affected. https…
Breaking News!!!!!!!
🇸🇾 Syria  GhoutaBalls  Recuerdos_de_la_Alhamdo
Ah, the classic -Bollocks, we're losing the argument, better call them Nazis- play. 👌 
Face of  Iran activists arrested in past few days in wave of crackdown.   IranProtests  
Israel  Globes  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS Teva sees no new R&amp;D projects in Israel - A recording of a meet…  
Brit family still living a nightmare. Over 1M calling  Iran to  FreeNazanin Pls add your suppo    h…
Russian pilot ‘killed in fighting’ after plane downed in  Syria  Mexico  US  Qatar
APT Simulator
Cos Maine is most popular now, she is blocking others' oppo unity &amp; income stream. She has to be brought down. 
Tonight, the President showered law enforcement with praise, even as he and his congressional allies launch an all out a… 
Two rookies Donovan and Royce play way better than Hood. Both of these can shoot and not afraid to attack the basket. Trade Hood!  
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Disarming Voice (IV: 87% - CP: 486 - L: 25 until 04:23:13am.  
You dey attack am. Pls_oO
The Prophet treated Fatima with love &amp;respect which caused great amazement to the people of the times, how dare the 2 Cali… 
imagine having to torch yourself to avoid being raped  
Israelis target ISIS fighters in Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact  
Not to mention the fact that Mueller was the willing executor of Obama’s  2011 purge of Counte errorism training and trainer…
India: Hindu leader says Rohingyas are “threat to national security…have links with jihad”  
uH thats a soft attack
Triplet babies named Jerusalem, Capital, and Palestine    Palestine  Israel   
Basically Dani’s special attack is team killing…  
ANALYSIS:  Iran’s leadership feels the wrath of its  youth   via  
Feb 4 -  Tehran,  Iran 
Father Of 11yo victim of Stockholm terror attack may sue the Swedish government  
damn girl! give an old man a HEA  ATTACK why don't cha!  
If I'm the security guard on duty when the dad charged Nassar, I'm bending over to tie my shoe and giving him the minute he requ… 
Common man is getting his throat slashed while Liberals are all in silent mode! Zero fcuking protests!
Leo would guarantee you a player in attack and midfield all at once.. G.O.A.T
soccer Tottenham's attack beats individualism - Other teams may have better individuals, but Tottenham boast the m…   
It is unfair to say 'wherever there is a population of Muslim men', it is very much bound by…   
o teach the Real ISLAM to your MOM and DAD ,my muslim frd says when h…   
IRAN People are demanding the release of  AhmadrezaDjalali from all pa s of world Quash the S…
So here's an a icle I did for   . Hope you find it informative! Don't forget to register for  rehanzi…
New post (Tanha Tareen Sardar - Imam Hassan (as)( Islamic Movie in Urdu ) Pa  14) has been published on Urdu Islam…  
Russia'n airstrikes continues on Idlib, but Regime Tiger forces leave Idlib toward ISIS pockets 
Liverpool vs Tottenham: No Mane, Alli or Ve onghen in our attack-minded comb  Spurs  THFC  COYS  FNH   
Attacks by Brexiteers on civil servants are 'like 1930s Germany', says former head of civil service   
There was this bear that wasn't moving and I sta ed to attack him, but left him as he wasn't doing anything, it wa…   
Niqabbi airpo  lady Vs Jesus
Maryam Rajavi is the pioneer of the struggle for democratic change in Iran.
How many babies have you adopted? How are you helping mothers?   This is a worn out tactic of the left. The people who a… 
ALLAHU AKBAR, MY SISTER IN LAW HAS OFFICIALLY ACCEPTED ISLAM AND TOOK HER SHAHADA!! 
An Italian man opened fire on African migrants in the central city of Macerata on Saturday, injuring several people, police sa… 
Tottenhams attack beats individualism - Other teams may have better individuals, but Tottenham boast...    iafog 
🇺🇸🇺🇸🗽🗽Yes!  🗽🗽🇺🇸🇺🇸
Former FISA judge appalled by what the memo outlines. He also reviewed the source documents which confirms the wrong doin…
Families with  ISIS relatives Forced into Camps   
Israel  JewishPress broadcast by  TheIsraelCompany✡: How NOT to Remember the Holocaust - The uniqueness of the Hol…  
Israel  JewishPress broadcast by  TheIsraelCompany✡: B’nei Brak Man Marries Step Sister - The rabbi's daughter fro…  
Sometimes surrendering can be as savage as any attack
We Planned To Attack Ondo - Arrested Boko Haram Suspect   via    
No hangover yet from my session yesterday/last night but it's odds on that there is a little man with a fucking big…  
Random armed action  , how likely would we hear this description when it comes to long beard named Mohammed,huh? Te…   
Iran  news in brief, Feb 3, 2018   via    IranUprising  Iranprotests  SaveGolrokh_Atena  Fre… 
At least 11 security personnel died &amp; 13+ are injured in  TTP claimed  Swat attack. It will not stop with only condemns &amp; le…
NHL Fight | Be uzzi vs. Mamin | Red Wings vs. Panthers | February 03 2018   via  …  
To demand our country is taken over by Muslims who will then take away all their rights and kill them if they don’t…  
I have Make 0.15 BTC in 5 Mints    fight  apuestas  ufc  bittrex  daytrader  altcoin…  
Steve Bannon used these tactics to get Trump elected.
There is only one country in the world as  justice and that country is  Pakistan.
Pls stop killing Hindus u khangressi sickular Jihadus Jesus commies Terrorists!!
Hea  Attack
A look at how the  FinsburyPark mosque attacker may have been radicalised by extreme right wing views in as sho  as three…
A military convoy of the  FSA heads from  Idlib to  Turkish territory to pa icipate in the Olive Branch  
Please no more condemns,It will not stop with that &amp; suppo ing Taliban to open offices,letting free people like Sufi Muhamm… 
Poor De in her blog is as sickular as she could be.
o teach the Real ISLAM to your MOM and DAD ,my muslim frd says whe…   
Syrian jihadist group downs Russian Su-25  
Ex-consultant to  Iran's  U.N. mission gets three months prison  Egypt  uk
Excellent a icle addressing why the BBC tried to po ray Tommy Robinson as a bigger threat to the UK than returning Ji…
This video is unbelievable. Trudeau is asked how integrating returning ISIS fighters helps Canadians, and his answer is to co… 
I added a video to a   playlist   NET 2.0 - Demi Lovato - Hea  Attack
Haidar Sumeri on Twitter:   FGM-148 Javelin being fired at a militant position during a battle between  Iraq's Ra...   
Giving  charity on behalf of someone who’s passed away.  SadaqatulJariya  Hadith  Islam  
This is hilarious, given the fact the Syrian Army is halting their operations in east Idlib   
If Nigeria government said they don't know the killer herdmen, who are these? Fulani militias welding AK 47 rifles,…   
Learn how to keep an attack on your feet SO you have more choices, defenses and an escape    attackback 
Pep: “The intelligence is the most impo ant thing. What we try to do. After that the results are the results. I want to…
correction ... for 5 years Obama WOULD NOT stop ISIS.  He could have ... it's the same military we have ... he WOULD NOT!
On this video we can track as missile from MANPADS hit the Su-25
Been telling this all along that Turkey has been ethnically cleansing the Kurds and free people -as now in Afrin. I…  
Vegeta against Toppo used the same attack he used against Majin Buu back in Dragon Ball Z. This is too emotional  
Top 2 Monaco criminal news: Louis Vuitton theft and football attack  
Israel attack on historic mosque in Jaffa city – Middle East Monitor | via 
FreedomOfSpeech is an essential right in  Islam, but it comes with the responsibility of maintaining  peace and  harm… 
London Burns: Vehicle Ramming Attack Finsbury Park 1 Dead 10 Injured  
@ _com we cried crocodile tears when Qatar shipped manpads to Syrian terrorists
Repo s of more medical Centre  electricity generators running out of fuel in  Gaza.  Israel siege is ultimately to…  
Me to me when I registered for islamic course
He has mental issues? Never heard of   Islam Jihad   in the books I've read on various Mental Issues? Funny that! 
Israelis target ISIS fighters in Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact  
Suggestions for new weekly Windows notifications: your air is clean, your food is not poisoned, your country is not under… 
In this second episode of our Blowback series,   explains how the U.S. built, ran, and supervised a recruitmen… 
Ensure fair trial for Christians, UN expe s tell  Iran  india  texas  Egypt 
The proverbial messenger is invariably shot down on bringing in inconvenient truths. When the messenger is pa  of…  
His response is unfathomable. Apples &amp; oranges. The ideologies of ISIS mirror those of the WWII Axis p…
A  Pashto theatre actress killed for refusing to perform at stage show in  Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province
Morning all ..... today is  WorldCancerDay2018 Suppo ing the fighters 🤝
Proud to say I was there. I remember it like yesterday.  
Teacher: why do girls live longer than boys?
A then apolitical Australian-Sep 2013-as a reasoner's exercise, I predicted: 
America and the European countries must relies that there is no different between Turkish state and all terrorist Jihadist…
…
Made myself watch the hole video. So he was heckled by some peaceful protestors, was clearly not in any fear of it being m… 
BREAKING Italy gun attack Driveby shooting ‘targeting black people’ in city of Macerata... 
UK: BREAKING Italy gun attack Driveby shooting ‘targeting black people’ in city of Macerata... 
“ Iran is threatening stability in the  MiddleEast” by   -  
Adam  Schiff &amp; His  FakeNews BOTs Attack Republicans on Intelligence Committee For Releasing a Four Page Memo &amp; Accusing Th…
Do you know what means to adopt a curriculum that teaches black children that colonialism's 'positive' effects are English, E… 
Honduras: the American emergency faith delegation was yesterday denied access to political prisoner Edwin Espinal. Scores…
Living the Quran -   -  SpiritualGuidance  ramadan  islam  
Courage. 29 Iranian women arrested in hijab protests.  nohijabday  
dear   please look at the real face of terrorist  pakistani military force in  occupiedbalochistan what is going on pleas…
obama was SELECTING terrorists  
And remember, Italians came to Canada after the war ended and Italy had already surrender… 
There are American citizens advocating for foreign intervention in our electoral process- through violent means. No matt…
Hillary lost because she is an obnoxious corrupt treasonous scumbag who took bribes for   Pay to Play  , suppo ed TPP &amp; armed… 
Human Rights exists only for Terrorists, Criminals, Stone pelters, Drug dealers etc but not for Policemen, Army jaw…   
French daily  LeMonde calls  SaudiArabia's (&amp;  UAE’s) intervention in  Yemen since Mar ’15 a failure. (Editorial doesn't me…
Kurdish mothers, sisters &amp;  wives in Afrin cooking for their Kids fighting against Turkish state &amp; its owned Jihadi terro… 
Liverpool bar attack: Three men arrested over murder of Anthony Condron  
There are other Special Rappo eurs concerned with extrajudicial killings. The SR on disappearances. The victims were k…
Parliament Hill, Ottawa, Canada: Historic Address by Khalifa of Islam - ...   via   
Back when the first attack buttons were literally flicking the control stick in ce ain…  
Leo would guarantee you a player in attack and midfield all at once and i'm not trolling.
It is not about the ships. It is about the marines. Make them environmental expe s (a ic, dese s, mount…   
The Pentagon says the heavy weapons provided to the YPG-led SDF would be collected once the operations against ISIS complet…
A Suicide attack on Army  unit spo s area at Kabal, Swat. 
His vile cultural Marxist hate speech tyranny has to be dismantled but we should note that now…  
Deym that quick attack🔥💙
Iran: The Nationwide Protests, on the Eve of the Anniversary of 1979 Revolution 
thrown left overs and bones then it will turn on you and attack or bite but its nature is to serve man best friend  
And so we now have to redefine assimulation?? I think not!! Ban Sharia Law &amp; accept the law of the land or get out!…  
Not only are we working with schools in UAE and USA, since  Bett2018 we are now discussing   training  improv… 
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
Courage. 29 Iranian women arrested in hijab protests.  nohijabday  
AHGASES ATTACK!!!
Hardware wallet manufacturer Ledger, which sold over one million devices last year, has ale ed its users to a majo…   
WHAT A ATTACK FROM BEAAA SHEMSSSS!!!! 💥💙💙  ALLINAteneo
hrower1013: Well, time to really commit to that promise to not attack people in business with BTS bc looks like they're really gon… 
LoveAqsa is about raising awareness of impo ance Masjid Al-Aqsa holds in Islam and therefore reinforcing your devoti…
Today a Russian pilot died in Syria killed by terrorists suppo ed by the West.
Revelations of personal life by scorned ex wife of a political leader before elections to inflict political
I will never apologise for letting the British public know the lengths and depths that Islam is destroying our towns and ci… 
Retweeted Iranian Community RO ( ):
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
But you also think that the ideology of Islam is evil, as you've told me before. 
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan seeks to reassure  France's Emmanuel Macron over the operation of Turkish army in…
Quick attack for BEA DE LEON!! Namiss ko toooo
hea  attack
Sad to hear that 11  PakArmy soldiers embraced Ma yrdom after sucide Attack in  Swat. May ALLAH grant patience to their Fami…
Video footage shows Kurdish fighters of  YPG are defending their homeland against  Russia backed Turkish apa heid regime and…
today’s main headline of  Hewlêr Daily:
Targeted  ISIS accounts
WE GOT NO ASSETS WE SOLD THEM TO CHINAAAAAAAAAAAA  
Barin Kobane fought furiously against evil  ISIS  to protect  womens rights &amp; while  NATO watched silently, as she gt mutilat… 
He'll with NHRC Yogiji just go ahead.  
Two Millions of people In  Gaza Strip are human and has rights .
Why are people who DONT wear the hijab so damn bothered with women who do. Mind your business and worry about your own lives y’…
Stay safe out there.  
Prestigious and Historical moment for Homeland; as first time ever  FIFAWorldCup is here in  Pakistan .
US denies giving Islamist rebels anti-aircraft missiles    Russia  Syria
Manto are tiny tantalizingly tangy meat dumplings. Although originally from central Asia, manto has been adjusted to fit t… 
After the cowardly attack in  Swat, we convey our condolences and sympathies to the families of the victims. Wishes…   
NimbuMirchi - It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for terrorist attack   
Zahra Niakan was 19 when arrested on September 81. We have no news of her if she was killed or in prison. No sign.
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
“The members of those  Baloch militant organisations that opposed the  China- Pakistan Economic Corridor ( CPEC) ar…  
NEW ISLAMIC TERRORIST THREAT that Germany is trying to downplay...
Blonde nurse Isis Love toys brunette hottie Dana DeArmond's holes  
Ledger Addresses Man in the Middle Attack That Threatens Millions of Hardware Wallets  
I think Republicans are going to win big in November. You look at the economy. It's doing wonderful. But, also you look fo… 
how to attack maze runner fans
Quick Attack by Bea de Leon 💙
Pakistan’s Shaheen Afridi makes it to ICC’s U19 World Cup Team -    Pakistan  
In all things one cannot win with defense alone. To win you must attack.   -Light 
Needs CBI or SIT
An Adve ising call from my Afghan phone company scared me a moment bcuz the music initially sounded like those ISIS pr…
International Union Organises Protest Against  Iran Regime
u attack from the back ?? Smh i see ur sneaky ass
Brought to you by Oleg and Mehmet  
If  Brexit had any merit NO online campaign could stop it.
11 soldiers dead
1 attack 1 ace for Bea!   ALLINAteneo
Can we throw her over the wall?  
Repo s of more medical Centre  electricity generators running out of fuel in  Gaza.  Israel siege is ultimately to blame…
Newly opened NADRA Mega Center  Islamabad:
Islam &amp; Quran doesn't encourage killing unless it s for punishment for kill…  
s: U.S. ‘Plan B’ for the Middle East and the occupation of a third of  Syria’s territory –  A great  MustRead analysis
For the second time in a week, Iran's supreme leader Ayatollah Khamenei made comments about  Kashmir, urging suppo  for its o… 
FSB will find this out directly.
Do not kill a soul that God has made sacred   (Quran 6:151) 
Interesting  Iranian government polling on public suppo  for forced veiling in black below or choiced veiling in red. http…
Sanjiv's retirement plan was islamic conversion
Feb 4- Tehran,  Iran 
Look   ... its not just a honour killing. Why u are afraid to talk on radical islam??
Egyptian, Saudi businessmen gear up for Iraq, Syria, Libya reconstruction    iraq  news 
10,000 fighters in  Afrin, not giving an inch. They are dug in and they are defending the  Rojava – the fabled  Kurdish… 
¡Vamos Lovatics!, no se detengan LOVATICS ATTACK  SorryNotSorry  bestMusicVideo  iHea Awards 
…  
Returning ISIS fighters are NOT fleeing persecution, nor are they immigrating to Canada. To compare them to pea… 
Zu Religion, N3A Music Group, Boss Baddaszx, The Black Cherry Rec Label, Islamic Force music at   
…
Government initiate campaign like   Save Tiger  ,   Save Cow Beti Bachao   etc. 
People of iran democratically  voted for an islamic state with an overwhelming 80% or somethi…  
sanatanshop:  WorldCancerDay Cancer is terroristic disease and just as terrorism is increasing, the incidence of…   
he doesn't suppo  terrorists. he is a terrorist.
Anakin Skywalker lost his arm when dueling Count Dooku in Attack of the Clones.
Duminy to keep long stand out there, can he oppose the Indian attack?  SAvsIND 
Down but not out  ISIS still a threat  
Continental Spo  Attack 3 Spo bike Motorcycle TIRE REVIEW | Cycle World  
Israeli occupation forces killed eight Palestinian protesters in the Gaza Strip  over a three-and-a-half-week perio…  
iGuardLabs: Fo iGuard Labs discovers vulnerability in  ASUS router, rating it as High. If the  HTTP injection attack is successful… 
WHAT A ATTACK FROM BEAAA SHEMSSSS!!!! 💥💙💙  ALLINAteneo
Israelis target ISIS fighters in Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact  
Just in case we didn't know it, this 'like' by   shows where his real politics lie. He is the kindly face…   
They don’t seem friendly or peaceful.
I will not be watching the rigged game, the false flag terrorist attack, nor the Illuminati propaganda halftime show at… 
So sick!!!  
sad news.. Attack on security forces in  Swat seriously condemnable.
This shameless person’s pa y announced today in the morning that they are going to get Father of Taliban elected as Senator…
Be  Righteous a person as a  Muslim man  TurnToAllah
To clarify:   Trudeau told a wounded vet  he's fighting veterans in the cou s because he needs that money to pay terrorists…
MillieThom AuthorEllie: THE DEAD UNDONE is here :)  It will take your breath away…all o… 
Lol idk what’s wrong with em 😂  
Gray's stats
Hardware wallet manufacturer Ledger
They didn't attack shit. DNC leak came from Seth Rich. As if yet there's ZERO evidence of Russia…  
A new  UN repo  found 206 companies worldwide that are complicit in  Israel’s violations of international law. Now the full…
Was great Dave . Enjoy the rest of the season lads . I've got a feeling you will 👌  
Boko Haram now 'completely defeated' — Nigerian Army: The Theatre Commander, Operation Lafiya Dole, Rogers Nicholas, o… 
LETS ATTACK WILL NOW
Born this day in 1915  NormanWisdom. Onlookers said that when he had a cameo as an ageing fitness fanatic in Corrie he…
No surprise that islamic countries will never come in the list 😂
s: Retweeted Brendan Cox ( ):
Terrorists killed, injured 365 Iraqi civilians in January: UNIC   UNIC  Iraq    
See our latest  Israel  job and click to apply: Electrical Technicians -    CustomerService  Hiring  CareerArc
An event that wouldn’t have been possible without the sacrifices of the Syrian army..  
Iran first in sponge steel production in world: Minister   Iran  Steel  Sponge   
RAW Video:  Russia  Moscow conducts 'massive precision' strikes on  USbacedRebels militants who downed Russian jet in  Sy…
Paul Ryan wants to go after Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. Nobody has done more to attack those fantastic soc… 
I’m having the worst panic attack of my life I’m actually feeling so bad
ISIS needs to be entirely and utterly destroyed. Their perve ed ideology is an assault on all of our fundamental righ…
One a icle claiming Christianity is dying, I can show you 100 showing islam is declining.…   
As a copy editor, I was researching the accuracy of the plot point of how to get a bomb in a… 
Seven Turkish soldiers killed in Syrian Kurdistan, including five in tank attack 
HMerriman: Everyone knows that Spain is keeping Joaquim Forn imprisoned because they feel humiliated by his leadership in dismant…
BREAKING: A radical  Muslim driver attempted to run over a Jewish father &amp; son in Antwerp,  Belgium this morning, the… 
Osborne is a secondary problem to the issues raised! What don't yo…  
What makes alliance with Islamic Palestinian jihad wo h punishing Irish ppl? Why do…  
Cc : Terrorists    and    
Darren Osborne Case:
Breaking:  Syriac Military Council, MFS will send fighters to the  Afrin front in suppo  of SDF-YPG/J to the defense of the… 
hurfrayn14: Rather than defend the morality of white nationalism, I'm going to instead attack the immorality of the idea that you ca… 
Mullon ek Ankit ke badle 100 Ansar aur Abdul ko qurban kiya jayega, salon bas law and…   
BoycottIsrael
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Disarming Voice (IV: 96% - CP: 560 - L: 28 until 04:46:25am.  
NHL Fight ! Cole vs. Noesen | Penguins vs. Devils | February 03 2018   via    cole…  
Bea de Leon making the first attack in the second set! Followed by an ace!
oons: We do deserve better, why can't TRUDEAU be arrested for High Treason for bringing the enemy,… 
State of the a  Medical facility in the hea  of South Punjab:
This is lesson to Modi not to rear snakes in backyard by giving Padma  
Going inside of  Pakistan to counter terrorism is the only way left for sucrss otherwise USA will face same satutio…  
Civil society hearing in  Geneva heard  witnesses and legal expe s on 1 Feb Dr. Juan Garcés, Chief Lawyer in the  Spanish… 
FIX UP YOUR FUCKING VS ATTACK
Wishful thinking is sometimes good, and sometimes detrimental. Distinguishing the two case…   
Brexiteers' attacks on civil servants 'like pre-war Nazi Germany'    FBPE  WATON
[2nd set] FEU’s attack goes wide.
Hindu terrorists publish a long list of inter-community marriages and urge Hindus to kill the husbands of these women. This i…
Sorry, ambassador — it’s still Germany über : Gosh. What an odious piece. When Brexiters run out of ammunition, an…   
Kerala Woman who alleged that her husband conve ed and married her wished. And later intended to sell her off to i…  
Imagine leaving Islam to become an ideologically consistent Communist. There's people out there choosing Karl Marx, Stal… 
The Darren Osborne case will be used to silence anyone who speaks out against Islam from   who's currently se…
Now the Civil Service is behaving like every Daft Leftist on Twitter.  
A gentle reminder on  WorldHijabDay of the beautiful wisdom on Hijab by His Holiness the Khalifa of Islam Mirza Masroor Ah…
Pace attack vs Spin bowling. Which one will prevail?  Proteas  SAvIND
azaGeoNews: Yesterday Imran Khan issued threats 2 top judiciary, 2dy he has declared loss of faith in Supreme Cou  of Pakistan. Ne… 
One of the biggest acts of love is “Dua”. You actually love someone enough to talk to Allah about them.  Muslims  Islam  life
DigiSkills Program lauched to train 1 Million youth online🇵🇰🇵🇰
What a load of bolloxs!   tells the truth daily and is needed to awaken the rest of the country  
Pakistan Non-Muslim minorities population in 1947, were 23% now 3.72% why not grown decreases? Govt routine jihad policy rap… 
circulate so that  Kasganj does not happen…
13000  Canser cases  in   Gaza. And 230 Class and type of medication Special for cancer Not available in the  Hospitals .…
Number of Children Fighting for ISIS, Terror Groups Skyrockets Repo : ISIS kidnapping children, turning them into…   
Accepting Islam becomes a joke for any disgruntled lot   Hindus can’t use Islam to agitate ag…  
When   sta s with an ad-hominem instead of an argument, continues with *only* ad-hominem, then is surpri…   
UK  …
Balochistan: Development of Turbat City the circumstances side good educational zones, airpot,roads construction,employme… 
what they did to your corpse prove this reality that  kurds are in war with a brutal savage beast  Barin_Kobani  
Trudeau and the Muslim MP,s in Canada Doing Everything to Speeds Up Submission to Islam! [m103]   
Well at least Donalda's agenda is clearer by the day. Attack - at all costs.
I liked a   video   CYCLOPS UNDER ATTACK!! [Ep. 71] | Subnautica
attack on bangtan
With regards to what Dahlia said about people taking it to the streets, do you think you will ever r…   
House Intelligence Committee releases   FISA MEMO: CHARGE AND RESPONSE   PDF doc with Democrat attack questions and the c… 
Iran says Trump's hostility to nuclear deal scares investors -  IranProtests
Suicide attack kills 11 Pakistani soldiers in country's no hwest - repo s    Pakistan  
Hea  attack  TeamEXO  TwitterBestFandom      EXO promise
Iran says  Trump's hostility to nuclear deal scares investors -  Iran  IranProtests
almost had a panic attack because twitter glitched and i almost tweeted on lti account  
Simple Machines Forum SMF 2.0.8 Host header attack Vulnerability  
Seven Turkish soldier killed in Syria, including five in tank attack    BreakingNews   
Seven Turkish soldier killed in Syria, including five in tank attack 
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
This is great news; and as a more tolerant generation come into jobs and positions of influence the entire workplace will chan…
Simple Machines Forum SMF 2.0.8 Host header attack Vulnerability  
Can't help but recall Leila Ahmed's work   Women &amp; Gender in Islam   when reading abt priestesses in Egypt 4400 yrs a…   
Iran says  Trump's hostility to nuclear deal scares investors   TEHRAN,  Iran (AP) —  Iran s…   
Seven Turkish soldier killed in Syria, including five in tank attack    BreakingNews   
As U.S. Allies Clash, the Fight Against ISIS Falters - The New York Times   
What say you  ? Where does all the humanitarian aid to  Gaza go?  
Seven Turkish soldier killed in Syria, including five in tank attack   via 
AUTOMATED website traffic generator    viral  LinkBuilding | Blog ide…  
Seven Turkish soldier killed in Syria, including five in tank attack   via 
Iran says Trump's hostility to nuclear deal scares investors -    Iran says Trump's hostili…  
I look at the teachings of Islam were the boys are taught they are superior to women , they are taught that western…   
Islam. The feminist religion.  
But he's costing us a fo une with his bull shit!! He better step down or risk jail time.  
Hossein Niyakan
azaGeoNews: Imran Khan has no words of sympathy for victims of sectarian terrorism unleashed by his ideological suppo ers but atta…
[2nd set] FEU’s attack goes wide.
Iran says  Trump's hostility to nuclear deal scares investors -    Iran says  Trump's hosti…  
The Impo ance Of Being A Hypocrite!   iTikoo seems to be learning from the best in the business, like Rajdeep and  … 
Appeasers are cheated both  Hindu and  Muslim .To fulfill their ugly dreams, sometimes they dig into history, relig…   
If you believe “Islam means peace”, if you actually believe that enemy propaganda that’s mouthed by gutless turds in the… 
Tis clearly shows liberals, elites, democrats r color blind 🤣, they never see anything…   
Nearly had a hea  attack...  why's Tim on Sunday Brunch this morning talking about rhubarb  ???  Never…   
After the attack on free speech from momentum and other actions by them is following in the footsteps of a organisation…
on Linker:
British girl, 18, dies in Cyprus after suffering an asthma attack while walking her dog   
1] Breaking news!
The sheer amount of balls and courage it takes to say   Death to Khomeini!   in the Islamic Republic of Iran. The sheer amount… 
After attack on Kashmiri boys in Haryana, students in Pune flag safety concerns with top cop 
When you play Morata and Giroud in a two-man attack.  CFC  
Like you care about any terrorist attack by islamists, right? 
Seems the Mogg has all the lefties in a panic 👊🏻👍🏻  
As someone once said: “If they attack you personally, it means they have not a single political argument left.”  An…   
Say  NoToNancyPelosi!    While millions of Americans are seeing  HigherWages,  SimplifiedTaxes and keeping more of t…   
The Sudden Surge of Media Coverage on the CIA’s Arming of ISIS  
Al Qaeda no longer a threat, ISIS defeated. Russia all of a sudden is our e…   
I doubt USA is troubled by anything in Myanmar as they are actively trying to kill as many Muslims as possible for…  
....Please!!!!!  
FSA convoy who shoot down SU25 back to Turkey. Are you awake. Turkey did it Second time.  
These Islamic wet T-shi  contests are really awful!  
It is those who follow Islam, who should be ashamed...   
Federal Judge Recommended by Claire McCaskill Fines Her Republican Opponent Cou  order by Obama-appointed judge tu…  
Father Of 3 Girls Abused By Larry Nassar Tries To Attack Him In Cou 
Posted...
How can Police justify this action as misunderstanding? -  
Do you want  cam sex  fun make a member link    and open  your email verified its  
The Sudden Surge of Media Coverage on the CIA's Arming of ISIS  
WebApp: RFI attack from 173.249.13.84 (US, California - Auburn)  netmenaces 1 
VOTE ATTACK TIME !!
Chelseas dynamic attack without Morata could provide trouble for a injury-struck Watford defense.
HinduHumanRights
I warmly welcome the announcement made by Imran Khan and Asif Ali Zardari to pa icipate in the protest of 17th Jan on Ma…
Kurds have in recent years been defending the  Kurdish homeland, people &amp; the world from ISIS; &amp; now they have to defe… 
Iran:  US Reliance on nuclear weapons moves humanity closer to annihilation  
Game day  JuveSassuolo
[ANSWERED] Write a paper about a Cyber attack of your choice.  The Attack paper will be lik  
The good news is that the police are investigating the unprovoked attack on democracy at Bristol university by Labour su…
iumnews: A recent false alarm in Hawaii had citizens in a state of panic over an impending nuclear attack, which, as Ann Wright… 
The latest The Ephesus Tours Daily!   Thanks to    syria  news
World Terrorist Groups in order of Hierarchy
Seven Turkish soldier killed in Syria, including five in tank attack 
No, the Syrian Kurds Are Not Terrorists   
The Keynote speech of Dr Tahir-ul-Qadri has sta ed at the 1st World Islamic Economics &amp; Finance Conference organized by…
As someone once said: “If they…  
Means ground ops in Pakistan might sta  soon.  
It is ironic that the media are spinning the Nunes memo as an attack on our Democracy when the memo itself details the tru…
How to Pronounce Vodka Induced Cockgobbler ↺ ❤    spur  quality  galvanized  knockdead…  
Have brittle asthma, a previous doc got v. Serious w. Me &amp; said if I ignored symptoms i…   
Using the same premise,I went on to predict Beirut&amp;Paris-Nov12&amp;13-2015-by the same source. 
UNDER PRESIDENT BUHARI
This account before now has also been used to attack people like Ron Paul, Chase Rachels, Hoppe, Rothbard, and a nu…   
3 precious lives lost. A family &amp; community devastated. A country weakened. A society in mourning.
The threats being hurled by President Trump are meant to hide failures. The comparison has to be unde aken with performa…
Press statement on the baseless allegations made by Ali Erbas, The President of the Religious Affairs Dept. regardi…   
Aiding Egypt, Israel conducted 'over 100 airstrikes' against ISIS in Sinai 
Thank you   for addressing the war on terrorism and a special thanks to our armed services for their hard work com…
…  
Live from  Jerusalem The annual conference of the  Israeli Heads of Missions serving in  Asia🌏  LatinAmerica🌎 &amp;  Africa🌍
As I mentioned, defensively,  Arsenal still has a lot to do but the attack last night - oh my. I can’t wait for the…   
Pakistan has suffered far more in the war against terrorism than the financial assistance given by the US.  Pakistan righ…
This is not feminism.  I'm not sure I know what it is but I know what it's not.  It feels much mor…  
Africa  Biafra  FamilyWriters OPEN LETTER TO AMERICAN GOVERNMENT: NIGERIA DOES NOT NEED FIGHTER JETS TO END TERRORISM IN WE…
Iran intercepts 4 foreign boats, arrests 16 crew members 
Very true when on the Test Match they were rescued by the lethal bowling attack ...Let's see how Duminy and Zondo w…  
Salute to   Ali:
World Cancer Day: Breast Cancer Is Not Spiritual Attack, Okorocha Tells Imo Women   
Rafi Eitan, Israel's leading Nazi hunter, who captured Adolf Eichmann, embraces Euro-Nazis and their hatred of Islam. htt… 
real life thing that just happened
Islam—In 610 gave women equal rights to marry/divorce, financial security, own prope y, inherit, get education, vo…   
..than pre ref grumbles. Still trying to find something tangible behind the attack, di…   
This is also a proud chapter in the county's history that all political forces set aside their differences and stood up t…
ney_closet: Ppl will gather greatly in numbers in attempt to attack&amp; assassinate ur name w/lies n slander.-1 thing that I realize…
What would sound be with the principles of flat design applied? Pure, single-tone sine, or maybe even square waves?…   
Couldn't attack on it because my wizard was of level 3...not of 4!  
How to Pronounce Funk A Dunk ↺ ❤    whiteliver  Å  screwing  terror  indifference  funkadunk…  
Attack on Kashmiri students due to 'misunderstanding', not 'targeted': Police How can Police justify this action as…   
Press Release Regarding the Terrorist Attack in Swat, Pakistan   
Game day  JuveSassuolo
THIS IS BARÎN KOBANE.
With  UK turning a BLIND EYE to  UKGrahamPhillips Encouragement of  Terrorism in Ukraine, we must pres… 
The state of the replies though! A bunch of strangers getting an attack of the vapours because some chil…
The contractors who have access to HAARP access codes are those guilty of treason .  They are supposed…  
When the love in love-Jihad fails, the girl gets the Jihad treatment, as meted out to Pooja Hadapad of Bidar ...Rap…   
BreakingNews
A genocidal regime built on blood &amp; lies, 
Pretty sure shows like  MKR are why the terrorists hate us.
.  : Thi y-nine years of bloodshed and crimes, discriminations against and suppression of women, repressio… 
Why would Miyetti Allah terrorists not follow their capo di tutti capi? Afterall he has shielded them and thei…
I've had enough of this overrated donkey messing up on many occasions. Average defending while he offers nothing in attack. h…
WorldHijabDay
stop this i don’t need this visual attack
John father was killed as pa  of what SFIRA call the   war   he put himself up with the terrorists in his family. Was seen as… 
Some unwise atheist will only can blasphemy and criticize on Christianity and not or rare on islam❕ 😧
isangirl: When   tried to put the blame for ALQaeda in  Syria soley on  Turkey he is tryring to deflect blame way from  …
SET 2: ADMU 4-1 FEU
isangirl: US special envoy   admits AlQaeda is in  Idlib,. But watch as the media attack the Syrian army for liberating… 
But this is what will really happen.
Israelis target ISIS fighters in Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact  
By the way, crusades were originally to recover access to Jerusalem. Equivalent for Islam w…   
hijabs are dumb. if men don’t have to worry about modesty then women shouldn’t have to either. Islam is an awful patria…
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Disarming Voice (IV: 93% - CP: 595 - L: 30 until 04:49:04am.  
Sir, bring order into attack now for Duminy   
Korean people enjoy insulting Japan and Japanese people.    Turkey  Egypt  Iran  Iraq  Kuwait  Pakistan  UAE

.  is on the attack! The crowd is right behind our champion who is at her aggressive best! 😎
Of course he has to CONVE  to Islam ! Otherwise he will be beheaded ! How is it that Hindus are left out in your list ?
Please retweet.
The Truth Behind the Rumours: Are the  MEK Marxist?    PMOI  Iran  
What  about far left terrorism, you have the rest of the day to think about it. 
Hea  attack (it's a VCR but it still my fave)
The people of  Afrin despite the killing and shelling by the Turkish side , are now going out to the squares of the…   
Mali: 2 dead and hostages seized in terrorist attack at luxury reso  -- Society's Child --    
This is the first APC of Pakistan’s history that put its heads together to seek justice for the ma yrs and announced to…
The video showed cowardly masked, hooded men in black invading a peaceful meeting and causing a ruckus. 
ICYMI: One of the World's Oldest Oil Fo unes Weighs Fossil Fuels Divestment -- with    OOTT  climatechange  oil…
Had an anxiety attack about mo alities and going bald for a quick second there
Since the inception  of islam it didn't collided with culture but only inculcate in humans ab…  
VOTE ATTACK!
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
The credit for APC does not go to me or my pa y. It goes to all pa ies including Imran Khan and Asif Zardari. If this s…
There will be no toyotas left! Isis members will take them all! toyotas are the blessed jihadies cars😂
Wikileaks Released Her Full Isis Donor List With Names! -  
Use of drones ' practice ' and ' policy'. MoD caught out. Again.  
Here’s Jose telling Kluive  to play his best for Ajax until he signs him for United.
Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Cou  in Sne (Sanandaj) sentenced six Kurds to 5 years of prison each for being in possessio…
the talibans are now fighting against the US THATS why they r now labelled as militants and terrorists...!once thez…  
Iran - These  HumanRights defenders must be released immediately and unconditionally
HEE CHUL JUST GAVE ME A HEA  ATTACK I CANT SURVIVE THIS STORM  
WOW
We have just learnt of another attack by suspected herdsmen, which happened in one of the suburbs of Numan, in Adam…   
holding a picket line at the  , calling   in  Iran, and urging all to suppo  the will of   
Late Boko Haram immbecelic buhari, or Kamal jimbrin vampire, from Sudan?? Buhari died since ten month…   
Past few hours on  Russia/n TV: ' Americans supplied terrorists (AlQaeda &amp; Friends) in  Idlib with MANPADs and other sophis…
Hossein Mirzaei, 26, was graduate of Sociology from  Tehran University arrested in 81 in his father’s house. He was in… 
IPOB:  NIGERIAGOV SPREADING OF TERRORISM IN  AFRICA: A REASON FOR DONALD TRUMP TO DISSOLVE NIGERIA &amp; SAVE THE WORLD  
I swear the bus driver is literally gonna give me a hea  attack...
CORRECTION: The MANPAD Used To Down That  Russian Jet Was Given To The  Syria  Terrorist By…  
SaudiArabia - King Abdullah u got no where to hide now  
180202 - the film team behind chuu’s ‘hea  attack’ music video were featured in a magazine
After asking the judge to grant him   five minutes in a locked room with this demon,   a father whose 3 daughters were all abused… 
CleanChit2tainted ministers&amp;sand mafias, sheltering drug peddlers&amp;mafias,cleanchit 2 S…   
Our physical power stops the Islamic enemy from having their way with us, but our moral weakness encourages them to keep… 
FARM ATTACK: 20 A elderly couple was attacked by unknown suspects, was badly assaulted and was transpo ed to hospital. Acc… 
Repo : Hamas believes  War with Israel will break out in the coming days    
Best solution for  RadicalIslamists is to adopt a face for an Eye policy-then they will listen  
conve  sho  rss to FULL CONTENT  RSS!  tool  WP | Blog contents |…  
Homophobia is Homophobia, Islam does not get a free ride, if a Tory said homosexuality should be il…   
Israel a democracy? Ahed Tamimi 17 slapped a soldier who was trespassing in her yard. They want to give her up to 10…
I find it interesting that Trump will attack the Justice Depa ment NONSTOP when they are investigating HIM, but at…   
You know what Terrorism. Chimera sluts who perve  God's word don't haf Boy friends rejected down syndromed limmey bitches 💜
Thanks  !!!  
There is growing call in the UK to allow the Muslim community to be tried under sharia law and have their own individual l…
I mean, he just wants to challenge. He's missing the point, w…   
FARM ATTACK: 19
Photo by SaudiArabia  
Do you want  cam sex  fun make a member link    and open  your email verified its  
Yeah we attack while united park the bus
Exclusive:  Apple and  Amazon in talks to set up in  SaudiArabia - sources | Reuters  
It’s when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack    news  world 
We crawl and attack!😸😸😹😹😹
This picture repo edly shows the Russian pilot who was killed by jihadist forces in  Idlib governorate
.. Saving a little girl stucked into the rubble after a savage  Syria n -  Russia n airstrike
My dad died from a hea  attack even though he was the healthiest man alive yet people choose to do drugs and risk that, really baffles me🤕 
I've just posted a new blog: Many Injured As Thugs Attack APC Rally In Cross River
Update: Many Injured As Thugs Attack APC Rally In Cross River
MOTHER OF TERRORISM.
acantwait: In case   has forgotten history, after WW2 we hunted Nazis and put them on trial for their war crimes...s… 
Feb 4 -  Tehran,  Iran 
We know where the concrete went - terror tunnels.  
True yes, not saying he's under attack :D. I just mean we don't know the agenda just sp…   
yHariette seems like a snowball effect now to destroy us ,attack from outside inside above and below, 
Where the fuck did the question…  
Me neither!  
iusIII  …  
[LAP-J] Lightning attack JPN pa y  
Taliban in  PR overdrive in  AFG, release photos of  Faryab,  Wardak training camps. Suggestive of a fairly indigenous/fo… 
Mercenaries-terrorists fighting AGAINST Syrians murdered a captive heroic Russian pilot helping Syrians…  
Much as I love to attack the Tories and respect the Royal Marines, we need to have a deeper debate here. There's a dif… 
FARM ATTACK:01:00 this morning 2 suspects armed with a crowbar, farmer and his under age daughter was tied up and assaulted… 
Seven Turkish soldier killed in Syria, including five in tank attack 
b  H Is that base shared with Iran also an accomplice to a future attack on Israel ???   
But still some uneducated educates will vote for terrorists  …
Pakistan: Thousands of Pashtuns gathered outside the press club in Islamabad and chanted Azadi (Freedom) slogans by highlighting…
Were prominent people in Hindu community and priests were consulted before the passing of Hindu code bill??? Why do…  
Does this man looks k familiar?  
MoD ‘in chaos’ over drone use outside of war zones  
Brave lady - standing up to the facist gangsters  
A Russian pilot ma yered when his fighting jet was dropped down by the terrorists to east of  Saraqeb  Syria.
Cameroon: Homophobic attack on a gay man in Be oua  
Late Boko Haram immbecelic buhari, or Kamal jimbrin vampire, from Sudan?? Buhari died since ten month's… 
FARM ATTACK:Last night a farmer was tied up and his wife sexually assaulted my two suspects armed with a AX. Female victim…
Apa heid in  Israel? Think again AND Educate yourself  👇
”Many of  Roi's concerns echo those of the suppo ers of President  Donald  Trump. Fears about  Muslims,…   
Egyptian, Saudi businessmen gear up for Iraq, Syria, Libya reconstruction    iraq  news 
Turkish authorities censor a icles in TDV's Islam Encyclopedia over alleged influence of Gülen movement  
Army hunts down Daesh (ISIS) terrorists in Hama countryside: Weiterlesen ...  
Running attack  UAAPSeason80Volleyball
Who is this? What are these people doing here? They suppo  Hezbollah &amp; Hamas!!!!
Of course he brings Pandya back into the attack when both the spinners have put the pressure on and two new batsmen…  
July 29, 1988 they took 40 with blindfolds and handcuffs. 
Tottenham's attack beats individualism | ESPN  
Get some education please. For the sake of regime change, th…   
marr Claire Kober  have you repo ed any of these Attacks to Lab Pa y or the police &amp; really you consider   Incompetent    a Verbal attack 
IranProtests
EMP Attack Threat Is Real  Bo Hudson  gear  
European governments should stop suppo ing  ErdogansWarOnAfrin.
To better under  Iran's IRGC Basij members:
the main threat, is terrorism.  so the main war is against terrorism. I think you are pioneer in this war. I suppo  you. 
Nearly 60% of terrorists graduated school with degrees in engineering.
HERDSMEN WITH NO CATTLE AT THEIR OUTPOST WAITING FOR ORDER ON WHO TO ATTACK NEXT  
Before the  SuperBowl &amp; all the ads to attack  Trump make him out to be Racist I've got a ? For the Trump Haters
Muslim  tcot My free ebook 'Arabic for Unbelievers' is available at:    
hm... he was a warmonger, wasn’t he? So why would he be disappointed by violence done…   
Now the Civil Service is behaving like every Daft Leftist on Twitter.  
Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack  
One rapist gets 15 years, he’ll be out in 7.5 or less; the second got 6, he’ll be out in 3. The victim has a life sent… 
IT IS TIME LET BIAFRANS GO WE HAVE BEEN KILLED ENOUGH! BRITIAN  HAS    KILLED 15 MILLION BIAFRANS SINCE 1914 TILLDATE! WHY…
Liverpool Maya Bar attack: Three quizzed over murder  
Ummm but Africa isn't a cou--oh never mind!!  😳😳😳  
With so much bad news streaming in from the Islamic world, it is comfo ing to be reminded that Islam's heritage includes b… 
I’m here to attack Jhope stans... I regret NOTHING!!! 😭
attack hoemies = attacking me
Adding on to   NYT story, tracks show U.S and Jordan also aiding ISIS hunt in Sinai. N212AZ private US contractor dail… 
hkhypy1:  MySQL Possible MySQL attack from 140.205.225.202  
my mom should be getting out of the hospital today after a stress test today ,nurse said sometimes they do have a h…   
Ypg and ypj defend their territory against terorist turkey and isis  JihadistTurkishState
Suppo ers of   Iran opposition  NCRI &amp;  MEK Rally in Brussels in suppo  of  IranProtests  
Washington has a new  CIA plan, 'scarf freedom' for the women of  Iran! Fake  IranUprising . Background from MOA:   
Couldn’t agree more  
The terrorists will pay a harsh price.
The Finsbury Park terrorist has been jailed for life for his attack on Muslim worshippers in London last June.
Omg.this is terrible. Dear   lot of Bengali profiles here...please take action against the person post…  
Cottbus Thousands of Germans march on the street against mad politics that has thrown Germany in a social crisis.
Condemn the imprisonment and to ure of the protesters in  Iran who demand freedom and democracy! The free world must d…
Nuts &amp; Bolts: Inside Democratic Campaigns—Messaging to attack the USA in October?
To the US-backed terrorists Shias and Sunnis don’t differ, they target civilians whether Sunnis or Shia. 
Iran: The Nationwide  Protests, on the Eve of the Anniversary of 1979 Revolution 
We’re so proud working on sense of tumor’s website with the best Raquel Bahnam!😍
Syria rebels down  Russian plane, capture pilot. 
Clashes between Municipal Officers with young hands selling in
Muslim  Terrorist, here in 
FARM ATTACK: Zwahili Game Lodge, Limpopo. (tuinplaas area) 3 suspects attacked and tied up workers, no serious injuries.… 
Public knowledge is that when Joice Mujuru's pa y was formed, its membership also comprised serving and retired me…   
Palestine Liberation Organization calls for cutting ties with  Israel    
Check out new title “Amir ul Mujahadeen” where was he fighting or leading? Which jihad?  
Within seven days, seven BJP, RSS and  Right wingers are brutally murdered by the minority community. 
Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack  
s its erdodog backed alqaeda's video
At some stage all these new pa ies and movements need to join together for the next election. They all w…  
Looking for something concrete to do in response to the Nunes memo and the GOP attack on our institutions? We can flip…
Liverpool Maya Bar attack: Three quizzed over murder  
Kerala : NIA detains husband accused of wife’s forcible conversion and attempting to sell her as sex slave to ISIS
Zondo has been overlooked for some time, I'm happy to see him play.   
Of course, even a few Germans will be against Merkel on this, but they are also hindered by the PC-B…   
Tommy Hilfiger perfumes collection for men and women.
Syria war:  Turkey suffers deadliest day in Afrin offensive [BBC]
STRESS TRACKING APP=&gt;The Hea -Brain Connection: New Findings on  Stress &amp;  Hea Attack   …  
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
SECOND VOTING ATTACK OF THE DAY!
Omg dad almost gave me a hea  attack saying Grill Shed was closing - well you got it wrong dad!😈 (too early in the…  
lLLERIA   This was a DIRECT ATTACK ON MY LIFE
‘After more than a decade of service, which included investigating terrorism, working to rescue kidnapping victims oversea… 
The girl may be forced to retract her statement in cou . Unable to stand on her own feet, no option left.   
I'm not from what AQ and ISIS are upon 'cause I would hate to be from those whom the Pr…  
How to Kill Jews using Children:   auspol
_nimmo: The preeminent war criminal has spoken.   
There are 400 celebrities other than Yonghwa in that damn university. Why not expose them all and investigate their…  
Final statement of the  SyrianCongress in Sochi adopted by its pa icipants yesterday evening, proclaims among other t… 
Apa heid in  Israel?  Educate yourself  👇
To   for using Italian immigrants and Isis in the same sentence...   y    stronzo  
I look at the teachings of Islam were the boys are taught they are superior to women , they are taught that western women… 
MASSACRE URGENT  beourvoice  syria  Eastern_Ghouta  Doumasuffocating  childrenunderAttack  
The time they said it was “panic attack” me &amp; pa ner just gaped at them in confusion.…  
VOTE ATTACK
Not4Men
i12 A good idea quickly a child's playground of personalised attack.   Let's debate.  …   
We have the best Military in the World  We are at high risk of terrorism &amp; borders will be weaker.  All pa , I think of Th… 
One side will scream love jihad and burn a man
IdahoHoneyPot: Shields UP!!  Telnet incoming Telnet attack from 122.158.214.140  
Tehran Pasdaran street
FOX News repo er Robe  Charles repo ed yesterday, “Opinion: Trump is right -- He and his campaign were victims o…   
Mostafa was to ured badly the same night.  When one of us went to see him, he couldn’t walk.  Nayeri gave him 7 years… 
IdahoHoneyPot: Shields UP!!  Telnet incoming Telnet attack from 122.158.214.140  
The same man also said   All  Ira… 
AnkitSaxena killed  ISIS style. Where is the mombatti gang?
World’s worst humanitarian crisis made by Saudi crown prince
Ankit provoked peaceful family of Shezadi by being a Hindu. After 3 years of relationship, he should have accepted Islam. I… 
Yet  iran is the threat  
alright quinn is alive. shes living. she lives. thank you thank you i was actually going into a panic attack i had…  
Syrian jihadist group downs Russian Su-25 jet -    
Sneasel♀ Feint Attack/Avalanche (IV: 47% - CP: 477 - L: 10) until 04:50:52am  
When people dressed as terrorists storm a peaceful meeting people get hu .
🛑Big trouble is coming! The Kaiju Offensive is a 2D topdown brawler game. You fight as a giant monster, attack cities… 
WILL  ISRAEL USE A  NUCLEAR WEAPON?  TALPIOT - A PRIMER  
Sir, will u please make the Vs attack mode better. The no of chances received by a player is not fair.  …   
Iran - These  HumanRights defenders must be released immediately and unconditionally
The Arwi dialect (لسان الأروي or அர்வி), sometimes also called Arabu-Tamil, is a register of Tamil that's written in a modified… 
And the way to do it is for Labour to become an effective opposition, reign in their thugs and oppose Brexit. You k…   
Seven Turkish soldier killed in Syria, including five in tank attack   
Yes it does.  
PopeRefuseKillerErdogan
Apa heid in  Israel?  Educate yourself  👇
Worrying trend...  
Skitty ♀
Terrorism against women continues unabated and mostly unrepo ed in Australia. Five women murdered January 2018.  AusPol  …
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 2.181.64.28  
BIG VOTE ATTACK
I asse  my right to discuss transgenderism and feminism without fear of attack or disruption ✊  
The latest The evi ualFD Daily!    pakistan  congress
A friend of mine from a royal family in  Arewa no hern  Nigeria told me that   prefers another civil war than…
OBAMA TO THE US MUSLIM CITIZENS (You're not Muslim or Ameri…  
Militia shoot down a Russian Su-25 jet over Saraqeb.
Outrageous:  Muslim American woman publicly suppo s  Hamas and says she for rounding up Jews in 1 place to be slaughte…
UNICEF deny that they encourage terrorism among Palestinian Arab children, but they’ve been caught…   — Josh Korn   
Quran is the main text in Islam  ep3_M&amp;S  
This map an ominous reminder than ISIS still exists in eastern Syria. Russian analysts say they have 15,000 fighters. The t… 
Saeed Ibn Zayd was an early conve  to Islam whose father Zayd Ibn Amr Ibn Nufail was a monotheist during the era of ignorance.  BlessedTen
Fulani Herdsmen Attack Village In Benue State, Kill Policeman And Others (Photos)   
The NEC hasn’t met since Ace went to KZN! Get your lies right.  
slowly, slowly, ... but surely, it will get to the point you can attack the West but you can't do it and enjoy the West. W… 
You Forget you work for
In practically all Islamic countries if a non Muslim boy wants to marry a Muslim girl. He has to conve ! Or marriage is nu…
Group with unfamiliar humans = less communication = alum sta  kerja = panic attack in 3, 2 ... 
ISIS outsourcing terror attacks to outfits in Pakistan, says expe    VAWebsites OutsourcingVA 
Seven Turkish soldier killed in Syria, including five in tank attack  
Finsbury Park attack: 1 dead after vehicle rams into worshippers near London mosque - National |…  
If Nigeria government said they don't know the killer herdmen, who are these? Fulani militias welding AK 47 rifles, smoking we… 
Gym , fun and secularism weren't able to protect him from the attack . Had he learned some ma ial a  technique...   
omfg  
Opinion: Trump is right -- He and his campaign were victims of a political attack by the Justice Depa ment and FBI…  
To the Moggmentum Muppets crying that awful lefties tried to attack their hero. Watch this from    
sanatanshop:  WorldCancerDay Cancer is terroristic disease and just as terrorism is increasing, the incidence of…   
Islam and terrorism book. seems interesting via  ALHNews  
Depicting straight men you dislike kissing in an attempt to undermine or humiliate them directly plays into homophobic rh…
Do you want  cam sex  fun make a member link    and open  your email verified its  
Actor Sajid Hasan reveals harrowing case of hair transplant mishap    Pakistan  news
This blog post follows the Curator in Charge from the Depa ment of Islamic A  as she lead a  TravelwithTheMet tour to Iran…
Under Construction Masjid at New Islamabad international Airpo 

hea  attack
1/  JustinTrudeau insults 1.4M Italian Canadians in Edmonton compares them to ISIS.
Islamic Development Bank to Launch Multimillion Dollar Fund in Rabat  
The scary pa  is, no amount of evidence will sway these people. If you cite… 
Abla Mard!! Sounds weird???? Yes! This is what the Executive &amp; Judiciary along with the so called Feminists have done…
Do you want  cam sex  fun make a member link    and open  your email verified its  
At the time of the killings, Battaglia was on probation for a Christmas 1999 attack on Pearle.   
Now seems like a good time to officially declare any fu her use of the words   terror, terrorism,   and   terrorist   an… 
He is obviously on the more moderate progressive side of Islam.
I don’t have a problem with honouring the dead, 🇬🇧does with Poppy Day etc. But indoctrinating Islamic sc…   
Video:   has equipped  Fulani Herdsmen terrorist with dangerous weapons and getting ready to attack any moment…
Connect the dots!
MT   1993 days since  's last tweet. Please pray for him to come home soon.  FreeAustinTice    …
Like I said. You miss the point- &amp; introducing Nazi’s as an analogy doesn’t work.
Just Asking - WHY is The Self-Ce ified Janeudhari Hindu Rahul Gandhi is SILENT, INACTIVE - when A Hindu…   
It's called terrorism BBC, just like the attack by Darren Osborne. 
Every time your relationship comes under an attack you will lose your peace.
Israel sta s issuing depo ation notices to 38,000  Africa|n asylum seekers   
2  Pakistan trained terrorists arrested in Baramulla. They had gone to Pakistan on valid Pak visa to obtain arms training…
When Akhlaq was killed, who the hell was shamelessly stirring communal pot. Why were you born you bloody stooge of…   
UK  radical  Muslim Choudary jailed for encouraging suppo  for Islamic State-well done U.K  
I can understand their plight but can you get the representative Muslim to denounce the sickness in I…  
SE.  Idlib: video confirmation  Russia|n Su-25 was shot down with a MANPADS.  Syria  
Well, isn’t that convenient......!?   
i just wanna have the hea  attack dance mv ::&lt;
people in  Gaza are charging batteries and phones using power generators due to long hours of power cut.  
Any country fighting ISIS should put anthrax in their jets and helicopters. If one gets shot down, watch via satell…   
What’s The Biggest Threat To Freedom - Islam Or Consumerism?
27th jan ki tweet got more than 5k  s and even its not something extra
Live from  Jerusalem The annual conference of the  Israeli Heads of Missions serving in  Asia🌏…  
The ISIS can destroyed the RUSSIAN fighter air craft . The status of russian minister .    
NEROCA attack from the right with Chidi winning the ball. He send a good low ball in the middle.  Aryn shoots but i…  
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
60% of factories &amp; workshops in  Gaza scaled-down or closed shop due to the 13 year long siege. Gaza Strip expo s dropped…
way attack FEU oyyyyy
attack on bangtan
Live from  Jerusalem The annual conference of the  Israeli Heads of Missions ser…  
Africa  Biafra  FamilyWriters OPEN LETTER TO AMERICAN GOVERNMENT: NIGERIA DOES…  
while idlib is hammered by everything from cruise missiles to a illery, and areas are lost to advancing fascists o…   
Attack the day Gracie Jiu Jitsu style!  gjj  family  alavanca  jiujitsunited  gracie  jiujitsu…  
Live from  Jerusalem The annual conference of the  Israeli Heads of Missions se…  
Starmer running scared of  MoggMentum - attempts to demonise   clearly motivated by politics rather…  
History: Cambridge event on 'how terrorism created Israel' pulled | Jewish News  
Great day out exploring some of the impressive sights  Pakistan has to offer.   site Tombs of Makli are incre…  
In the remainder of this ODI Series. Both the top 6 Batters &amp; Bowling Attack of South-Africa must truly come to the…  
UPDATE: Total six Pakistani security personnel killed in Turbat attack. Half a dozen more are injured. There is fear that t…
Russia strikes area where Su-25 was shot down: at least 30 terrorists killed  
sPete WorldNow like i said conspiracy will not save you at alll, if you know how to use inter…   
Do you want  cam sex  fun make a member link    and open  your email verified its  
This is an attack on me as a person or something  
I stated only Ikram Ullah is live  and those two are dead who attacked on SMBB in Karachi/ karsaz  
Islam is such a simple religion.
Italians built this country with bricks and mo ar and isis wants to bring it down
In Islam, you don’t take his last name, you take his money. 
OBAMA TO THE US MUSLIM CITIZENS (You're not Muslim or American. You're Muslim and…  
Tripura The voting for the 60-member assembly will be held on February 18 and the counting will be done on March 3.  
Government claims returning ISIS fighters are “no longer being of national security concern”  
acantwait Italians? Boy wait until the Italians hear they got compared to ISIS…  
Jessie Ventura: Obama's New  ISIS Plan is 'Absurd'  
Ypg and ypj defend their territory against terorist turkey and isis  JihadistTurkishState
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
Yes, but islam is way more shittier than the others 
In  Syria anonymous “US officials” once again accusing targeted “regime” of using “chemical weapons” and threatening tha…
Kurds proved to world that Turkey and ISIS are Same thing, and all terror is made from Turkey and Their Caliph is E…   
TOO MUCH HEA  ATTACK
Military operations in  Afrin,  Syria are placing  ’s  DefeatDaesh mission at risk. 
Is a Final Solution to the Fulani Herdsmen and Farmers attack Realistic?
I hate all Religions But Islam is the worst but only a little worse than
We need to see an investigation taking place. The recent Special Rappo eur on human rights in  Iran has made a bri…  
Karma? No. In Islam we have Kifarah. You do good, good will come to you. If someone wrongs you, be patient for He has plan… 
Pakistan Army Captain &amp; two Pak soldiers killed in a suicide attack in Swat. (By TTP terrorists once trained &amp; armed by…
…  
On  WorldCancerDay let's pledge to kill the cancers from our society like rape, corruption, fake-feminism, terrorism wh… 
Governor here in Arkansas said this about  anti Sharia law legislation introduced:”I’m searching for a reason for t…  
What do u think he's thinking at that moment while watching Tae's singing his pa .....
Seems the Mogg has all the lefties in a panic 👊🏻👍🏻  
Isn’t this treason or sedition?  
Insane McCain has been a traitor ever since his songbird days. If he didn't already lose…  
The video showed cowardly masked, hooded men in black invading a peaceful meeting and causing a ruckus. 
It has been open US policy for years to launder money/weapons to known terrorists in  Syria via its Saudi/Qatari/Turkish…
Islam and Communism not compatible with Indian ethos but…
Yes Chandu.. give us more pictures! 💃💃💃💃
Ateneo ahead by 6.
California:   Catholics,  Muslims join to pray, eat together 
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
I see why young talented kids leave - they are hacked at by has-beens &amp; never-beens who don’t like b…  
:   I get so mad when such an upstanding person gets killed by a barbaric moron that has no purpose in life other th…
What a legacy he leaves...hates America

Anxiety attack
shock and horror. wake up in cold sweats. nightmare that brexit was reversed. us patriots sent to live in islam. made t…
*popcorn*  
24-years-old Shaban Resho from Khalaka village / Bilbile got injured by Turkish air-strikes targeting civilians. Be…  
It's simple - Jokes are funny - insults aren't. What you and your friends do is no diff…  
know where the fabian society draw their name from..hannibal at the ga…  
Jigglypuff ♂ Feint Attack/Disarming Voice (IV: 82% - CP: 496 - L: 26 until 04:51:47am.  
Following another attack on transgender people in Times today, i’m re-sharing this wk’s   column. I know it’ll mean I… 
By giving weapons and logistical suppo  to US terrorist organizations, the Middle East is causing more and more pe…   
Who are you referring to as 'dorg'?  
The Glazers are huge suppo ers of Israel. Time to suppo  another team. Have you looked at Jihad FC?
breaking
My Jannat Al Firdous: &amp; 8226; 43 Hadith1s impo antes sobre as Mulheres no Islam-Nr. 42:  
China accuses US of 'Cold  War mentality' over  Nuclear policy - BBC News    
Just Asking - WHY is The Self-Ce ified Janeudhari Hindu Rahul Gandhi is SILENT, INACTIVE - when A Hindu Na… 
AUTOMATED website traffic generator    blogs | SEO Tool | SEO Softwar…  
The Families for Freedom is a movement of women struggling to free  Syria ’s detained and disappeared. Stand with us. htt…
Hail to the protestors in Sanandaj,Kermanshah, Isfahan,Zarrinshahr,Ahwaz, Shahroud,Hamedan,Mashhad,Doroud,Arak,Margheh,Y… 
Sadly, true.   
In the remainder of this ODI Series. Both the top 6 Batters &amp; Bowling Attack of South-Africa must truly come to the…  
Herewith proof Zuma is most definitely in settlement talks on his  Divorce he is going to want the full package half of SA an…
How West U.P. is being Kashmirised by Islamists: Hindus were stopped from a minor construction at Chamunda temple 4 days bef…
The latest Mall Road Raiders!   Thanks to    pakistan  news
Imagine this is your last retweet. Imagine it helps someone reve  to  Islam, and this is your only sadaqa jaryah after… 
After hea  attack, water skier looking forward to getting back on the water. 
I added a video to a   playlist   Islamic Quiz | Islamic Quiz In Urdu | Urdu Islamic Malumaat | 5
Githeri media   repo s that Makadara MP George Aladwa was arrested for allegedly planning the Grenade attack…  
2/4 Along with fellow momentum colleagues, they also threatened councillors, with one Jewish Coun… 
Labour masquerading as an Opposition pa y has to be the most 2018 thing so far
What should they say? Confess war crimes? Manpads are made in a secret factory mamange…  
OBAMA TO THE US MUSLIM CITIZENS (You're not Muslim or American. You're Muslim and Amer…  
Legal Terrorism Vs Terrorism ?
How do you cope with racism? It seems so endemic to the people around me. They simply gang up on and attack differe…  
Do you want  cam sex  fun make a member link    and open  your email verified its  
BJP is led by criminals and has often acquired power on the back of mob violence. This is not an aberration, expect more  Karni… 
Terrorists le!  
WHY
Wasim is the son of Congress block President...  
Ce ainly Kremlin bots...  
One Syria for all Syrians  
Ensaf Haidar could probably use some guidance in so ing sma  Islam-critics from Far Right ones.
Our friend Julian likes the popularity of being actively involv…  
ownsend7:  Ramadan: The impossible command  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
24-years-old Shaban Resho from Khalaka village / Bilbile got injured by Turkish air-strikes targeting civilians. Being u…
Guys   is in a depression. he switched his region to islam and hes planning a terror attack
MoD ‘in chaos’ over drone use outside of war zones   gBIy
Dream on pal...Obama did everything he could to bring…
Why is this not being repo ed as a Terrorist Attack? 6 African people have been shot on the streets of Italy by th…  
Prevention is better than the cure Ask any person who has had a hea  attack or stroke.    
That mini hea  attack you get when you can’t feel these in your pocket  
8 ways to divide  Israel 🇮🇱😂
Secret diaries of  Arafat come to light, confirming  PLO pact with Italians |   
EXO - Hea  Attack VCR [Korean ver.] HD   ข้อมูลจาก  
🕉️
MMA  UFC  BJJ  Judo  Fight UFC Fight Night 125 video highlights: Iuri Alcantara vs. Joe Soto  
Ya Allah! Have mercy on our weak souls. We claim to love you so much, but we disobey you so often. Ya Rahman, do not p… 
iusIII    …
Including Jews in  Egypt/ Misr who are the sons of  Jews who paid  Jizyah to Amr ibn 'As Radiya Allah ta'ala 'anhu?  
what they did to your corpse just prove this reality that  Kurds are in war with a brutal savage  beast. they are t…  
We need to see an investigation taking place. The recent Special Rappo eur on human rights in  Iran has made a brilliant…
We Planned To Attack Ondo - Arrested Boko Haram Suspect   via    
Eevee♂ Quick Attack/Swift (IV: 100% - CP: 692 - L: 25) until 02:51:14am  
Thoughts of  Gandhi about  Muhammad  PBUH and  Islam  
Terror timeline:
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
BDS Opponents Want  Israel Held To A Lower Standard |  
Guardiola:   Johan Cruyff painted the chapel, and Barcelona coaches since merely restore or improve it  . 
Just need new attack on titan
web search located: 
Classic leftist move..same as libtards in US use.  
o: I'm voting for  SlowHands by   for  BestLyrics at the  iHea Awards    
It should have a celeriac number  H0M0
Yes, absolutely. Mind I would hope there’s more to their attack when things get drier if at all. 
Rabobank hit by cyber attack after rivals targeted over the weekend    
Wow I love hearing   bitch about a widow on attack.
Browse Horizon Quran Topic on Quran  Islam [81:23]  
Turkey is attacting  Afrin with  Jihadist and that Turkey is still member of  NATO. How can  NATO keep silent against t…
good morning from kafranbel town .. south  Idlib countryside ..  Syria 💚☺ Feb 4
Yes, hate crime or reverse love jihad or communal murder... killing of a person because of ‘honour’   
Two very different cases.
But sir, this is NOT Islamic Republic of India, We have a constitution. 
Life Inside the  Daesh Home Base of Raqqa,  Syria   
Last year in the UK   Islamist terrorism  .injured 226 and killed 39. 
Homeland Security Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards (CFATS) Program - Association of Laboratory Managers  
The woman that was executed by the brutal regime of  Iran on January 30, 2018, was identified as 25-year-old Mahboubeh Mofid… 
Do you think that Ankit would have been killed were he a Muslim? It just exposes the Isla…  
Reading prayers in congregation is pa  of living by the words of the Muslim pledge. Learn more about what are other w…
Pete ownsend7:  ISIS Islamic or not?  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
Pete ownsend7:  Muslim  tcot My free ebook 'Arabic for Unbelievers' is available at: v1308Caj
Prayers for those ma yred in Swat army unit spo s area attack. Very very serious development.
Oh for the sake of intelligent conversation please google Russian tra…  
ajgulwazir: I condemn the cowardly attack on our defenders in  Swat.
Pakistan screens anti- India film in 2nd largest city in  Iran, a country where  IRGC is a strategic pa ner of India sin… 
Great day out exploring some of the impressive sights  Pakistan has to offer.   site Tombs of Makli are incredib…
Honestly, the only solution is to  DivideNigeria 
So  HijabDay, which is nothing more than a veiled Jihad Day, celebrates the battle flag of a brutal colonizing ideology… 
Thanks for the  Retweet  Noori Another  Bilingual that understands  English better than most of the  US  DrEd…  
By giving weapons and logistical suppo  to US terrorist organizations, the Middle East is causing more and more people to die… 
Radical Pakistani Anjem Choudary locked up in U.K for suppo ing ISIS  
Remove hardik out of the attack.  He has been the weak link in our odi side !! Inroduce jadhav in ....  SAvIND
I ordered a takeaway as a treat the other day and the delivery man handed me the bag while staring at…  
Cameron Prk: ♂Pikachu 97.8% (14/15/15) 625CP L28 Quick Attack/Wild Charge until 01:52:04am (29m 12s)  
only to be expected Julia - we are in the process of revolution -  Brexit  
BJP leader Hema Malini proudly became Aisha Bi to be able to marry already married Dharmendra, उर्फ़ Dilawar Khan. BJP was perf… 
SAPS strongly condemns attack on police members in Po  Elizabeth    ArriveAlive   h…
Watched the 2nd half of the game yesterday and I thought we played really well. Wasn't shocked that Jose dropped so many p…
Press statement on the baseless allegations made by Ali Erbas, The President of the Religious Affairs Dept. regarding Mr.… 
I feel so attack
I’m amused to see tweets by people who have themselves suffered at the hands of Islamic terror, that Ankit was a victim o… 
Mogg promotes filibuster throttles deb…  
y2:   Drives me up the f***ing wall. These people think they are so intelligent and superior. Notice he used…
Shame on NHRC!
FSA says they've formed   follow-up committee and investigate the allegations   following a video showing FSA fighters muti… 
Africa  Biafra  FamilyWriters OPEN LETTER TO AMERICAN GOVERNMENT: NIGERIA DOES NOT…
Are the left as bad as the far right? What kind of question is that by LBC fuckwits. The left are as bad as terrorist…
Still can’t believe that yesterday, seriously how is it possible to change from an attack minded line up (that only…   
None of this needs to happen.  Turkey can piss off and leave the Kurds alone.  Iraq can piss off and leave the Kurd…  
This Sikh man, Satyapal Singh, is an eyewitness in Ankit Saxena’s beheading case. Unlike others, who were clicking pictur… 
Tbh when someone calls themselves   keepers of the faith   and talks on stage about family and respect you expect con…   
You will decide on two things: Would you allow God to take over the case or you will continue struggling. Secondly,…   
VIDEO: Cop Barely Escapes Knife Attack, Shoots Attacker Inches Away   ME via   
How Islam spread in Kashmir as per Iranian archives:
Exposing di y cops IN the FBI is not an attack ON the FBI.
look at in.. Ankit brutally murdered by a Muslim family in broad day ligh…  
is_Banned:   Precision strikes launched in the area where terrorists shot down Russian jet in Syria   —  . 
Human rights is nothing but a tool invented by those who sponsor terrorism to destabi…  
godfather of terrorists, he should know where his boys are! 
Strongly condemn the terror attack at Army unit spo s area at Kabal,  Swat in which 11 valiant sons lost their lives whi… 
These pics tell us that he had it coming. He got what he deserved.  
will you be condemning this atrocity by  Israel unreservedly?
Pro-ISIS Instagram User Translates Extremist Sermons From Turkish, Dutch Into English: Instagram user Greenb1rds tr…   
Labour masquerading as an Opposition pa y has to be the most 2018 thing so far
Climax will give you hea  attack  
THE SECRET TERRORISTS BY BILL HUGHES  
When I was arrested again on 2009, I asked Mohebbi why? He said we made a mistake the first time and we should have kil… 
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
VOTE ATTACK !!!
[1080p]Cure Yell Attack  
eBay: The LEGO Batman Movie Clayface Splat Attack Costruzioni    legoset  lego  
That is disgraceful.  Straight rapists and perve s can claim to be transgendered and then attack…  
Video showing pa ners of Turkey walk into a liquor store in village of Bulbul on the way to  Afrin and end up destroying its…
Girl must have killed according islamic law to married infidel because she has become infidel or apostas…  
Within 6 Months After The  Death Of A Loved One Or  Child Has An  Increased Risk Of Hea  Attack  
Documentation: Zahir Hussein Kadado from the city of  Harasta, died due to lack of medicine necessary to treat his hea  di… 
Why is this man not a 'lone wolf' or 'mentally ill' as opposed to 'far-right'?
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack   
Daft  Islam's daft anomolies being 'revealed'...by reason.  
ReddyLikhita  Tripura The voting for the 60-member assembly will be held on February 18 and the counting will be d…  
Radical Pakistani Anjem Choudary locked up in U.K for suppo ing ISIS  
Hey! New Rules in Canada. If you’re a terrorist organization or individual, just s… 
Tell that to all the refugees fleeing from Syria/Iraq. Tell that to all the victims of islamist terrorism. Tell tha…  
The Italians &amp; Greeks that I grew up with were the nicest, hardest working, most proud Canadians I knew. Tr… 
if i study enough for driving school today i'll reward myself with the hea  attack album
I would check out AP's repo . It's classic. They managed to use   rebels   in the headline,   AQ-linked militan… 
VOTE ATTACK FOR OUR ZUNSHINE
you seem to be the only voice in the west who calls out Islamic terror wherever it happens. Weste…
Why the Shias seem to be so subdued and not coming out in the open against the terrorists? I do not know much in de…  
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
Justice  MansoorAliShah's elevation to the Supreme Cou  is great for  Pakistan. Hopefully his many reforms at LHC…  
Listen up, lads. Next time Antifa turn up to attack a brexiteer. We need to go in, windmill them all 💪🏻💪🏻, lefties lyi… 
UkNews Three suspects arrested on suspicion of murder after man killed in 'unprovoked atta…   X
Touche! 5 top corrupt  Political  leaders in in  Pakistan have been  Liaquat  Ayub,  Zia  NawazSharif… 
kuw  muslim  ahlulbayt OLD A ICLE: 2002 riots still haunts PM bidder Modi Should he win    

The   covers the refugee crisis in  Israel - shoutout to   &amp;  MiklatIsrael
Iran's Rouhani raps new US nuclear plan as threat to Russia - Reuters    IranProtests  
How was he overrated?
The invention of terfs:
Thanks Ricardo. There is no doubt that the levels…  
Everyone they are going to attack us at the last hour lets be ready  TeamGOT7  TwitterBestFandom
spo sirl JOEdotie   The new move is an attempt to counteract terrorism internationally   
I laugh while
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 5.140.39.126  
…  
You can remain in denial. Islam is the fastest growing…  
Ernesto Che Guevara: 
Do you want  cam sex  fun make a member link    and open  your email verified its  
If you’re interested in Middle Eastern politics and history, a good introductory text is ‘A History of the Arab Peoples’ by Al… 
No Muslim suppo ed Killers of  AnkitSaxena but Sanghi terrorists openly asking to murder those Muslim guy who have a Hindu li…
Iran's Rouhani raps new US nuclear plan as threat to Russia - Reuters: Reuters
List of people who deserve the world:
WHO IS HE?: Ebrahim Mohsen conducted a “poll” in a repressive country like  Iran where protesters R arre…
Taqqiya master, this is like Birbals pool of milk made by villagers, where every… 
'My Daughters Are the Heroes.' Father of 3 Victims Apologizes for Trying to Attack Larry…  
Anti- Imperialist U: Alternative Media Spotlight    Africa  Ukraine  Russia  Iraq  Syria  Venezuela  UK  US
rellLinda arian  …  
Do you want  cam sex  fun make a member link    and open  your email verified its  
Gaza Re: Egyptian army destroys tunnel under Gaza border  MiddleEMon  
Turkey define terrorism according to loyality. Folks, Ocalan and Haniyah are either both terrorists, or are both freedom fi… 
Maybe you should be more concerned with Corbyn praising and conso ing wi…  
In the remainder of this ODI Series. Batters coming in &amp; Bowling Attack of South-Africa must truly come to the pa …  
rump: The vast majority of Republicans have been absolutely silent as Trump and his allies attack the FBI.
“Today, we opened our bootcamp and we are excited to share with you the mindset to be the b…” by Avner Maman…   
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
Israel army attacked  Jenin, killed a Palestinian &amp; wrecked a havoc but of course the world wouldn't care or look or say an… 
I was spending some time w my girl crush but GOD I almost had a panic attack because I'm so scared of intimacy someone help me
BreakingNews
The latest Gaza Times Daily!   Thanks to    palestine  israel
This seems fitting for   
My humble🙏 request to EVERY Indian - Plz do not interfere in Army’s operation against TERRORISTS by pelting stones..Plz DO…
Still some pseudo liberals will ask for brotherhood and peace with these Islamic radicals.. It's high t…  
This is one attack on democracy after another. The  Catalan Parliament is not free to elect the President as the regional…
Do you want  cam sex  fun make a member link    and open  your email verified its  
Europe: Making Islam Great Again .
QAnon  Qanon8chan posted last night TRAIN ACCIDENT (GOP members of Congress) NO ACCIDENT -- was a false flag, SLEEPER CE… 
IM HAVAIFN A Hea  ATTACK ON MY BORRHDAY  
Every American has the right to continue to meet with people identified by the FBI and CIA as Russian Spies free from…
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
Tripura The voting for the 60-member assembly will be held on February 18 and the counting will be done on March 3. https…
the business of terrorism needs to be investigated..
I love that the film really doesn’t linger on him after his death. The brother of that big German gu…  
When a national security professional, current or retired, sounds the alarm over a political candidate’s apparent cooper… 
why did you give permission pkk to take half the land of Syria ? if you can not protect your own country from terrorists. we do
That’s 2 entirely separate things, one is a terrible action committed by one persob to another, the oth…   
IdahoHoneyPot: Shields UP!!  Telnet incoming Telnet attack from 191.19.233.157  
Bottom line: Nunes, Republicans, Hannity et. al. more upset about a FISA application for Ca er Page than Putin's attack o… 
Justice  MansoorAliShah's elevation to the Supreme Cou  is great for  Pakistan. Hopefully his many reforms at LHC will c…
That gun in the Picture Belongs to the Nigerian Police
It was early one morning in October 1983 in Beirut, Lebanon. Terrorists    AvGeek  Aviation https:… 
Islam is root of all evil. It is cruel,barbaric doctrine. 
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 119.230.81.200  
The war on Yemen  Iran  PersianGulf🇮🇷  
Pretty weird tactic to clear syrian territories from terrorist organizations by sending terrorists into syria
you look like an isis nigga making a video in your pic mohammed.
Saudi Arabia to sponsor weight loss surgeries to fight obesity    SaudiArabia  
islam girls nude pic porn girl18  
I am sure   is right now writing an open letter to Yasmin chiding her for not preferring to 'live her life as a…
One Pakistani Bullet Will Be Met With Countless Indian Bullets: Rajnath Singh    Pakistan  news
I liked a   video   Clash Royale live attack+magical chest openimg ლეგენდარიი OMG
:  SSH Possible SSH attack from 118.68.103.12  
He approves Interfaith marriage when boy is Muslim and girl is Hindu otherwise as Muslim boy written in Facebook ga…  
Ultimate Attack!
NawazSharif as PM? OMG that sounds even more horrible than  PTI's government.  MarayGaye. Here goes  Pakistan in lap of se…
This is who feminists around the world should be suppo ing and focusing their attentions, not the harassment  of w…   
“Today, we opened our bootcamp and we are excited to share with you the mindset to be the b…” by Avner Maman  LearnToCodeT… 
NCP chief  SharadPawar says no government has right to interfere in Islamic laws related to talaq which have their…  
SAN FRANCISCO - EXTRA! The Iran Protests Daily Newspaper!  
Islam says that invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
I’ve been having a mean aaa hea  burn these pasta few days, I think ima get a Hea  attack soon or something 
Muslims Aren't Perfect ...But  ISLAM Is ... Don't Get Confuse
Yes, state of panic was the desired effect. The missile ale  system is slightly more sophisticated than a big red…   
Prominent Swiss  Muslim Academic   Accused of  Rape
what attack are you having trouble dodging?
very brave women who need more women to follow  
Hmmm... wonder if he was based in Catalonia?  
Alright. Here we go:   and  
There will obviously be little coverage - it’s a crime by our ally.  
…  
:  HTTP Possible HTTP attack from 176.58.102.23  
conve ing to islam to own the libs send tweets
And...he doesn't prevent second attack of Russia!
When you feel lonely and sad that no one understands you, remind yourself that the One who created your hea  understa… 
To  
So you think that under the rule of islam people wh…  
WATCH as Russia gains revenge for killed pilot by obliterating at least 30 terrorists with powerful airstrikes…  
You could already see by the 5th over that South Africa were already on the back foot, they just never got going. W…   
Friend? Crazy! In 2012, Naomi was the victim of an acid attack carried out by one of her oldest friends. https… 
Retweeted Bitcoin News ( ):
marr Claire Kober  have you repo ed any of these Attacks to Lab Pa y or the police &amp; really you consider   Incompetent  … 
er... explain why you believe that? Read this and tell me where the terrorism is: 'for a more democrat…  
islam as a religion is fine.people should practice what they want. the problem manifests when religion is mi…
In 2012, Naomi was the victim of an acid attack carried out by one of her oldest friends.   
Indonesia's mainstream pa ies won't risk Islamic backlash over laws to criminalize gay, unmarried sex   
Day by day bjp is losing their shine.. Now latest after share bloodbath is  fir against army in jk.. Bjp has succes…  
Erdogan envisions himself as head of the   last caliphate of Islam   and bent on r…   
Thi y years of deficits; a trillion dollars in debt; a weakened Canada; a warm welcome back for returning ISIS fighter… 
ParisAttacks: President Hollande admitted arming Syria's Sunni   rebels  AttaquesParis   
Syria: Besieged Eastern  Ghouta faces third chemical weapons attack in less than a month . This is a so-called “de…  
That mini hea  attack when: YOUR PASSWORD IS INCORRECT.
Ahmed Raza, the boy who killed his Christian classmate  SharoonMasih in Burewala last September, set free on bail f…   
OnThisDay: In 1943, Operation Gondola commenced: the first of a series of operations mounted to attack U-Boats transiting t… 
Muslims will VOTE left-wing because it’s an anti-Western and Pro-Islam vote, Period, not because they suppo  feminism an… 
you mean six  of the african islamic  scum infesting Italy have been gunned down in an act of Vendetta.Thi…  
RSA 95/4 (25 ov), Duminy 19(27), Zondo 24(40). Chahal is back in the attack and sta s with a good over.  RSAvInd  Cricket 
We've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the limits of Oviedo. We watched C-beams glitter…
What are you on about? You’re less likely to attack a country with nuclear bombs, that’s why they’re a deterrent 
Hea  attack  TwitterBestFandom  TeamEXO   PROMISE EXO
Alcohol cigarettes weed marijuana cocaine crack are all STRICTLY HARAM in Islam CUZ all of them…  
‘Welcome to Gotham’ – Formula E unveils next generation ‘Batmobile’ design  
Domingo crosscou  attack, Basas‘ back row attack ties the match. 
OBAMA TO THE US MUSLIM CITIZENS (You're not Muslim or American. You're Muslim and A…  
Afghanistan:  1 police killed, 6 wounded in Farah attack: By Benyamin Bariz on 04 February 2018 FARAH CITY (Pajhwok): One pol… 
“The  Iran/ian police announced in 2014 that they’ve warned, arrested or sent to cou  nearly 3.6 million women because of ha… 
Free Lesson: Story Of Prophet Saalih | Learnaboutislam | Abu Hakeem Bilal Davis    Islam https:/…
Hillary Emails: Israeli intelligence says Sunni-Shiite war good for  Israel    Syria  Iran  
Syrian legal leader is Assad and USA s INTERESTS ARE IN IMPLEMENTING INTERNATIONAL LAWS AND TREATIES…  
today is the anniversary of the bombing of a coach at Ha shead Moor Services in 1974.there…  
Gay  SDF  YPG  PKK fighter against Turkey in  Syria /  Afrin during  Olivebranch  
with some clean motherfuckers, no hood rats 
China accuses US of 'Cold  War mentality' over  Nuclear policy  
Ad-Diyar is a yellow newspaper from  Lebanon, it has falsely claimed about a secret deal between  Iran &amp;  Russia fo…   
Indonesia is our neighbour!  
SACRED KNOWLEDGE SEMINAR
notstupid: The BBC is so corrupted it is borderline evil (IMO).  
The President should have mentioned Defense Secretary Mattis in the ISIS repo .
Ahmed Raza, the boy who killed his Christian classmate  SharoonMasih in Burewala last September, set free on bail for the… 
It is outrageous to witness the dismantling of the Bears Ears national monument, in what constitutes a serious attack on I… 
2u2: ...proud of you,  , and the rest of the women protesting, government telling people how to dress is absurd and an ab… 
No France needs to wake up all the people cause while this time it was a Jewish woman next time it could be any pers…
Hillary:  Saudi is   the most significant source of funding for Sunni terrorists worldwide   
ANOTHER BEA ATTACK
Finally sees an opening
the   business of terrorism   needs to be investigated because terrorists cannot thrive without funds. 
adMilli: Because Islam is treated as a race and not a religion. It is seen as an inherent pa  of who someone is and in the DNA as…
O muahadin, carry your weapon and kill those Christians who live with you, they have killed the Muslims in their la…   
Truth is the new hate speech.
Raqqa against the aggression of Turkey and its jihadists in  Efrin  
QAnon
Israel accuses  Ireland of being one of the most hostile countries in  Europe - we sympathise too much with  Palestinians - w…
The World’s  1 Superfood for Hype ension, Cholesterol, Hea  Attack and Stroke  Topbuzz   
Mazi Nnamdi Kanu the Supreme leader of IPOB first raised the alarm that Nigeria has been hijacked by terrorists and is…
Israel seized missile pa s from medicine shipment meant for Gaza Strip.
I have had far too many religious people try to convince me that our plane…  
He even visited with ISIS commanders!
Treating injured  Syrians remains a central pa  of Operation Good Neighbor. More than 4,000 Syrians have been brought… 
If the terrorists (YPG) will not leave the Syrian Manbij, we will sta  a military operation in the area…   
FEU takes the second set with an attack by Basas.
🇿🇦 - 95/4 , 25 overs 
Intro to La Meute,  III%, Soldiers of Odin, Storm Alliance and Atalante in Quebec   
…  
Taeyeon unnie and Yerim just attack my mentions box.....
How is it controversial? Probably, ours is the last generation to survive if the population terrorism is not stopped immediately. 
The Truth about the  Kennedy  Assassination &amp; Obama Told by  Gaddafi   
y1    …
Citizens of Paris will mobilize on March 4th 2018 :  FreeSyria people of  Syria must get rid of  Assad guilty of cr…  
I just hope that the law is changed because as I have said before if you attack a Police…  
Great!  
Thank you , Anne Marie Waters, I am known to Clive TS, and have about 8-9 Linked  Twitter Accounts. … 
iTikoo Wah Aa i ji. If  AnkitSaxena is victim of Patriarchy and not of   Intolerant Islam, then trust me: 
Mkhitaryan has been roaming across the Gunners attack and has been incredibly active, creating four chances and already ma… 
RETWEET AND VOTE IN THE POLL
Eevee♂ Quick Attack/Swift (IV: 100% - CP: 664 - L: 24) until 03:10:34am  
Turkish army will target those  US military personnels who wear  YPG uniforms in no hern  Syria -  Turkish D-PM
TwitterBestFandom  TeamEXO   SoompiAwards   PROMISE EXO
Yes, she actually has Lupus, which I also have. I read she cancelled because of threat o…   
Anyone else think combat keystones (Press the Attack, Arcane Comet, Lethal Tempo, Electrocute) are underpowered? The incre… 
the reason she made her daughter wear a hijab is bc when in Tripoli, in the Islamic sec…   
why do i get a panic attack when legit nothing bad happened today. please let me rest
Hea  attack   SoompiAwards    TwitterBestFandom   TeamEXO   PROMISE EXO
Dragon ball, Jojos Bizarre Adventure, space dandy, Black Clover, and attack on titan. 👌💯 
This is horrible! The Kurds r one of US best &amp;most faithful allies. The US is suppo ing the Kurds 2fight ISIS. Now the Kurds…
Erdogan with his army and his jihadists Terrorists no better than ISIS who destroyed also ancient cultural sites in…  
STRESS TRACKING APP=&gt;The Hea -Brain Connection: New Findings on  Stress &amp;  Hea Attack   … https:/…
Pakistan is a safe haven for International terrorists, my message to the Pashtuns on other side of DURANDLINE is do not sen… 
Supplicating for a  Muslim brother and sister in their absence is a sign of  love for them- it ensures great love from  Allah.
Facts: Islam is the greatest system for success, the means for the greatest benefit for all mankind and the most misundersto… 
To break down an iron wall defense, attack it like diamonds! 
9' Attack from Subash from the wings from that free kick and he manages to release a cross which finds Irshad on the w…
We dont copy anyone. We are women defending ourselves from male attack. They want to g…  
Something I wonder about this kind of poll...
If the terrorists (YPG) will not leave the Syrian Manbij, we will sta  a military operation in the area of S…   
The First of the Kings in Islam (radhiAllahu anhu)
15- The only thing sustaining  Gaza is massive donation funds, however the  USA has cut off half of  's fundin…   
🏟”There’s always an attack on the establishment, but you need the establishment to provide that seed corn of state…   
So true 😅  
I watched a conversation between Fareed Zakaria and Sam Harris on Islam.
He probably wandered around  BBC Headqua ers dressed like that too.  TOTP  TheVoiceUK  MatchOfTheDay  Israel  Hampste…
Oh that's new. Not everyone could be a mujahid but if sympathising with a mujahid makes you a jihad…  
The people of  Afrin despite the killing and shelling by the Turkish side , are now going out to the squares of the city… 
The Reconquista Against Jihad in Spain (730-1492)  
Katie Grant, under the guise of reviewing the newspapers on  , launches an attack on the SNP. She claims some… 
Please, please keep Mueller investigation separate from the corruption exposed in Memo. By associating…   
Ramadan Action Plan -   -  ramadan  islam  
I/we expect that if attack happens, some computers sta  to sm…   
WATCH as Russia gains revenge for killed pilot by obliterating at least 30 terrorists with powerful airstrikes  
FIFAWorldCup 2018 Trophy in  Lahore  Pakistan
I don't understand kohli's strategy to remove Kuldeep and chahal from attack. They weren't giving any freebies. The…  
🇿🇦 - 95/4 , 25 overs 
Syria🇸🇾 will b free again from terrorists and people who stand against  terrorism will b rewarded with happy life🌸  https:…
oH MY GOD JACKSON WHATSFJSJHSKK I GOT A HEA  ATTACK
A Londoner's Trip from  London to Gilgit Balstistan  Pakistan 🇵🇰    
Kutiyoor Siva temple Malappuram Kerala, aftermath of Jihad spread over centuries. 
i tweet my unpopular opinions at these hours because there is less chance you will attack me
People on the world-Apathy  song you ever had a hickey from a hologram    a   Gaza  Israel  Iraq 5
We also have religious leaders in Islam preying on people's gullibility.Greed is bl…  
When people ask me about Islam the questions really throw me off. goes to show how little people know about us. I s…  
Egg drop.
Trump attempts to destroy the  FBI.......
To get a job at Sky News you must promise to attack Labor &amp; unions at all times - also deny science, attack A… 
WATCH:
FreeNizarZakka received a  Presidential invitation to go to  Iran by    and was then kidnapped by  IRGC
Syria Rebels Capture Dabiq, Where ISIS Promised Final Battle with West | NBC Bay Area   
Yo memo bombed so hard, Isis claimed responsibility 
The  hijab just proves Islam excels at grooming its women for submission
TheNewYorkTimes | Travelers are discovering the Kurdish Region of  Iraq,... 
Hahahahaha... And i feel sorry for those who believe this story line..
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
It is a landmark journey by people of the infamous  waziristan who have been toiling in misery in the post 9/11  Pakistan.…
freeAllProtesters in  IranUprisings and brave  Iran women standing against tyranny by protesting the compulsory veil htt…
Repo :  Hamas fears  Israel will launch war in coming days  southernIsrael  Gaza  IDF    
er: MUST READ- Lawyer, who had 20 AAP MLAs disqualified, faces social media embarrassment for past tweets targetting Islam… 
Some suffragettes were outright terrorists and force feeding isn't to ure (49 times 🙄)
Paris: How the US Aggressively Pursued Regime Change in  Syria, Igniting a Sunni Terrorist Bloodbath   
News Update: Fulani Herdsmen Attack Yogbo In Benue State, Kill Policeman And Others. Photos 
Erdogan envisions himself as head of the   last caliphate of Islam   and be…   
exo hea  attack
Attack on Titan - Season 3
I didn’t say that dipshit, I said that there’s no reason to attack him. He ISNT good enough no 
Until you sta  including the consumers of opioids, whatever plans you make are an attack on some of the most vulne…   
…
Italy - Testimony (in  English) from one of the 6 injured (5 men, 1 woman) in yesterday's  terror attack by an Ital…   
Pro-ISIS magazine in Istanbul bombed |    
So according to you selling Yazidi women to ISIS is justified because some morons in…  
syseuIgi: im so pissed off because once hello counselor airs and knetz see yeri not being   energetic   during the show they'll attack… 
🇿🇦 - 95/4 , 25 overs 
Some ppl talk about women as if they hate them. The status of the woman in Islam is elevated, yet these man are act… 
Classified US plan to whip up Sunni fears about Shiites inorder to ove hrow  Syria  
Died like a hero: Revealed that Russian pilot killed in Syria refused to surrender and died fighting    S…
Boko Haram: Nigerian army boasts of complete defeat of terrorists  
Well Leanne...  
London: INTERPOL: 50 Islamic State Jihadis from Tunisia Have Entered Italy Among Boat Migrants, May Be on Way to Rest of Europ… 
Excellent a icle by   about how to communicate with people having an asthma attack. Pity the advice isn’t followed…
Not in Pakistan, but in Afghanistan. 70 percent area of Afghanistan is under control by Taliban. An…   
Strong in attack and tough in defence.
Erdogan's Turkey kept border open as ISIS built up in Syria, never joined the fight to defeat ISIS, but now attacks the Kurdis… 
The people of  Afrin despite the killing and shelling by the  Turkish side , are now going out to the squares of the city wit… 
This is a brazen call for terrorism!
Deputy PM says Turkey will move toward Manbij if YPG terrorists do not leave the area, in order to prevent the formation of… 
The left in general are under a broadscale attack. Have been for decades. Most ppl can't see it. Be…  
What is it like to have time to yourself after work and being able to see your own friends and not cater to someone…  
Congressional Black Caucus Buried 2005  Obama- Farrakhan photo, photographer says 
…
ISIS child fighter smiles as he receives AK-47 from jihadi teacher amid warning terror tots will blitz Britain  
Ah yes, I love waking up from a nightmare and immediately having a panic attack. 
Osborne told the jury: “Oh yeah, it would be one less terrorist [on] our streets.” He added…   
: Mosques Committees Gang Up Against Islamic Movement In Abuja, Write Buhari 
Appeals cou : Twitter can’t be sued for “material suppo ” of terrorism 
The  Pakistani  army launched Intelligence-based Operations ( IBOs) in various areas of  Balochistan. The operation  Ra…
expect sissoko to be in the lineup to “help” with the counter attack.
London Bridge terror attack: At least seven killed, 48 wounded in car-ramming, stabbing attacks - Europe - Haare...   
If the terrorists (YPG) will not leave the Syrian Manbij, we will sta  a military operation in the area of S…   
Before an encounter, we r killed 
Two Kurds before being decapitated; left by Turkish Turkey's Al Qaeda terrorists in  Afrin. Right by Isis in south Kurdis…
Really your star qb and frnchise. You have to be all that. Give gb fan hea  attack. They are trying to do right by…  
they wont have lost as much cache as the name ‘Isis’, im assuming. 
Maybe the ideology behind the theocracy of islam has core fundamental values that are too juxtaposed from those of…   
Getting old means:
OBAMA TO THE US MUSLIM CITIZENS (You're not Muslim or American. You're Muslim and A…  
Gerry Adams on BBC's  Marr show just denied ever being in the IRA. Here is Gerry with well known IRA member Brendan…  
They use hate to divide. We need to stand together against this hatred.  Samepain  samegrief    …
.  Iranian Americans and their friends, are holding a picket line at the  , calling  FreeAllProtesters… 
Information reaching me is that Jubilee had decided to defy cou  order that demanded Gen. Miguna Miguna's release becaus…
Women in  Iran are removing their headscarves in open defiance of the government sharia law via
this is some next level attack on titan logo gaming  
Narges Mohammadi has spent more than 1000 days behind bars. Time to  FreeNarges, a peaceful mother and human rights de… 
BBC Scotland will let any lie fly
MUST READ- Lawyer, who had 20 AAP MLAs disqualified, faces social media embarrassment for past tweets targetting Islam, wo… 
Please note that this is not a veiled threat. They have tagged profiles of the people involved in inter-community marriages and…
Will Prithvi be able to save Malwa from the unexpected attack?
💥 WICKET NUMBER 7⃣💥
SA women attack us unprovoked but when we respond they say we hate them.  
Accused in  SexJehadCase sent to judicial custody | Tried to sell wife to ISIS in Syria | NIA seeks fu her custody of accuse…
South Africa screaming  --.   Hum samajh gaya, kono phirki le Raha hai   
I agree Keir.
Iran: A woman prisoner sentenced to 7.5 years in prison   Defend Iranian people's struggle for  Justi…
Islam rewrote biblical history to suppo  its political cause. Imagine if that occurred today.
From South Africa,and going to live in  Israel greater  TelAviv area in July 2018. Looking for  English  job in…   
Guess the white guys who wrote the headlines must have thought this was not terrorism. Wonder why?  
In 2018,  UNICEF  Iraq &amp; pa ners plan for: 1.3 million people provided w/ safe  water; 1.2 million children under 5 vaccinat… 
INDvsSA | Kuldeep Yadav [4.0-0-9-2] is back into the attack
Philippines  Muslim  Autonomy  Guidelines and  roadmap have the  Parliament  vote for it.…  
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack   
Feel you have no one to talk to or share your worries with? Allah is only a dua away.  Muslims  Islam  Life  
ddnDj  Philippines  Muslim  Autonomy  Guidelines and  roadmap have the  Parliament  vote for it.…  
After Islamic State, Mosul’s impoverished residents trade scrap metal to make a living 
Philippines  Muslim  Autonomy  Guidelines and  roadmap have the  Parliament  vote for it.…  
Philippines  Muslim  Autonomy  Guidelines and  roadmap have the  Parliament  vote for it.…  
Beautiful view of  Astore valley  Pakistan  Beautiful  Pakistan  
Philippines  Muslim  Autonomy  Guidelines and  roadmap have the  Parliament  vote for it.…  
Iranian Canadians in  Toronto held rally to suppo   IranUprising   and  calling for  FreeAllProtesters  براندازم  Iran… 
Philippines  Muslim  Autonomy  Guidelines and  roadmap have the  Parliament  vote for it.…  
On  WorldCancerDay, we invite you to read up on the differences between  Cancer &amp;  Terrorism, and join our cause in…   
The latest The Al trairi Daily News!   Thanks to    iran  egypt
SAA Forces Repel Militant Attack In No hwestern Aleppo    
Pakistani Taliban claim  Attack that killed 11 soldiers    
Philippines  Muslim  Autonomy  Guidelines and  roadmap have the  Parliament  vote for it.…  
In  Iran, “Women are showing that they are no longer afraid. We used to fear the government, now it’s the government that… 
Southwest ISD says student attack in viral video came as result of bullying  
INTERNATIONAL laws ignored by them –not by  History,… 
Iraqi Army Launches Security Operation Against ISIS Cells Near Border With Saudi Arabia    
When a Muslim is murdered by a Hindu, intolerance increasing cos of Hindus terrorists, Modi shud resign,  when a Hindu is ki… 
Pete ownsend7: Get Islam of the hook. The MSM at work  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
Pakistani Taliban claim attack that killed 11 soldiers  TCOT  
Islamophobia:
13 years after the murder of  Lebanon PM Rafik  Hariri by  Hezbollah/ Syria a good   piece in  …
Lawyer, who had 20 AAP MLAs disqualified, faces social media embarrassment for past tweets targetting Islam, women and RSS h… 
China accuses US of 'Cold  War mentality' over  Nuclear policy    
Galing maddie, running attack 
The Opposition Pa ies have nothing to offer the masses of the People
Syria: Besieged Eastern  Ghouta faces third chemical weapons attack in less than a month . This is a so-called “deescalatio…
A wonderful initiative. Freeing Story from boundaries that were never meant to be there!
hy   The classic route to   absolute   power..discredit. Attack..drive out and finally eliminate the civ… 
this is what Nigeria Army are doing to defenseless civilians instead of tackling terrorism  
Turkish aggression in  Afrin continues, besides aiming at peaceful Kurdish people, it's an attack on another country.… 
it's a good platform to show and discuss how it would feel knowing you have a child. ah, i can imagine how alden will attac… 
ATTACK ON BANGTAN
I strongly condemn this act of  terrorism by Far-right extremist shouting 'Viva Italia', who shot six foreign nationals… 
See   ...there can be water at Caesarea Philippi or Banias. Gorgeous!  Israel  Golan…  
A woman protesting compulsory hijab in Tehran’s Shahr Ziba Square. Apparently security forces wanted to arrest her,…   
McMaster is a globalist who defends Islam so he needs to be dethroned.  
Say directly - 80% criminals are islamic - jehaadist
💥 WICKET NUMBER 7⃣💥
We have successfully completed our project in Tirah &amp; Tharparkar and are now extending similar effo s to other villages…
I wonder Vanessa .. those people calling themsekves Journalists like Rita…  
*text convo between my mum and dad*
And their declaration when Our punishment came to them was only that they said,   Indeed, we were wrongdoers!   ( Quran,… 
women and RSS…
Thank u every1.keep suppo ing SAF👍  
Pilot of downed  Russian Su-25 in  Syria died fighting on the ground (GRAPHIC VIDEO) —   World News    Russia  Idlib
pleasant surprise, Jordan tribes caught Isis escapees 
It's striking to see that this is not framed as an act of  terrorism against people of color in  Italy. The suspect was a ca…
In far contrast to  Obama who failed in extending a hand to  Iran's 2009 protests, the  Trump administration has ch…   
Why is no one in the International political community UN &amp;  msm denouncing this?

Wark is Anti British and with the BBC, PRO ISLAM! 
In case we all already forgot about it, this war is still going on  Syria   
Daesh Justifies Sex Slavery - Obscurantist A. Iftikhar Equivocates  
I just hope that the law is changed because as I have said before if you attack a Police Of…
You seem mentally ill saying things like that. Many people see extremist Islam as a far right idealogy
Iranian oil minister denies claims on oil for fighter jet ba er   |  Iran
Before addressing women, men are commanded first to: 
In last 24 hours  Ukraine has Violated The  Minsk  ceasefire agreements 18 times, says the Ukraine War    Rebel   (…   
That's why Turkish soldier so badly to ure them when captured ! Shame on Turkey as Nato's Member, whom Leader Erdo…   
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani raps new US nuclear plan as threat to Russia   |  Iran
Politics and other social themes should be kept away from comic book movies as a whole.   Hmm... 
21. Attack on Titan (Volume 7) by Hajime Isayama
Why Iranian women are protesting now against the hijab   |  Iran
A Look at Iranian Newspaper Front Pages on February 4   |  Iran
So how would you know if they were terrorists or leftie clowns dressed behaving like that? Labour=new nazi brownshi s.
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Dazzling Gleam (IV: 87% - CP: 593 - L: 31 until 05:32:16am.  
The un-American cabal: The Constitution is under attack everyday by those eager to destroy a presidency  WashTimesOpEd by  …
Are all kinds of Jihadist bad? - Quora  
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for terrorist attack - Times of India   
The Prophet ﷺ said, 
Am I missing something? Is JRM in the cabinet? Does he have an official high ranking role?
Aircraft attack civilian convoy on Syrian highway, at least seven killed   
How to Pronounce Doom Doom ↺ ❤    closeup  occurrence  swear  sendup  closeup  excoriate…  
There is no difference between Dawood accumulating money &amp; prope ies across the world by dealing with drugs or terrorism…
Does anyone else's mum/auntie/grandma make up fake Islamic teachings about random shit for no reason?? My mum just told m…
Jiren summed up DBS 126 perfectly: “I expected more from you”. Despite being a Hakaishin, Toppo’s attack pattern was rather… 
Sanghis often call you Jihadi even if you follow the most moderate version of Islam i.e, Barevli Islam in India. Th…   
Radicalized online after reading a tweet . Ffs are u serious . What is the possibi…
Welcome to Islam   😍😍😍  
Road:   I think Republicans are going to win big in November. You look at the economy. It's doing wonderful. But, also you lo… 
In far contrast to  Obama who failed in extending a hand to  Iran's 2009 protests, the  Trump administration has chosen t… 
Never forget, the liberal establishment and its instruments, the Democratic pa y and corporate media, have one goal;… 
IdahoHoneyPot: Shields UP!!  Telnet incoming Telnet attack from 187.57.241.244  
They wanted us in Syria before Isis.. the public said no.. so , Isis was inven…   
Sheikhupura: At least six injured in  LPG bowser explosion    Pakistan  
Mary Elisabeth Winstead on G4 - Attack of the Show - (2011)  
For the first ever time in the history, some young Arab women volunteered &amp; joined Kurdish women to go to defend Afrin ag… 
Russian jet shot down in  Syria's  Idlib province  
Obama Officials, New York Times Leaks Classified Info That Helps ISIS   
And they did it in just 10 days which is heroic. 😯
This is unbelievable. Trudeau is talking as though *ISIS fighters* are some kind of noble, dignified people deserving of r… 
TwitterBestFandom  TeamEXO  SoompiAwards   Hea  attack
this is what Nigeria Army are doing to defenseless civilians instead of tackling terrorism  
Islam is the most growing religion  in the world.   IslamBlessingForAll  
Sir people like   wants murder of  AnkitSaxena (in red colour t-shi ) not to be given communal col…  
If slightly dubious outfits like the MCB don't like Sara Khan, that's a good indication she and Amber   Rudd are… 
As the Turkey-led Operation Olive Branch enters its 12th day, many villages have been liberated of PKK-affiliated terrori… 
MOST IMPO ANT acknowledgment by  US govt:
Morris must attack now we have nothing to lose
'ISIS suspects arrested for terror plot against Israeli soccer team in Albania' - Israel News - Jerusalem Post  
[Aegis] @ 2018-02-04 10:02:40 +0000 -&gt; 150.138.134.174 -&gt; ET SCAN LibSSH Based Frequent SSH Connections Likely BruteForce Attack

How do we trust  AnnaHazare when he is with poisonous snake and suppo er of terrorists  , how will u cl…   
BREAKING
If the terrorists (YPG) will not leave the Syrian Manbij, we will sta  a military operation in the are…   
Reality of hypocrite javed akhtar.he plays victim card on camera bt beh…  
Mezquita  Cordoba  Andalucia the extraordinary monument of the Islamic in  spain and one of the most amazing in the…  
Philippine President Dute e Fears CIA Assassination, Blames U.S. For ISIS Presence | 
Pakistan says  UNSC reform must reflect democratic principles
Europe: Making Islam Great Again:  
Going to Costco on Saturday is the perfect recipe for a full blown anxiety attack
Why does the BBC never ‘interview’ Imams or Muslim community leaders like this after terror attacks? Determined to blame @…
Poppy for Tommy
Capt Jahanzeb and two soldiers have been ma yred in a Suicide attack in Kabal Swat today at 17:30 hours
Modric on one play making key passes high up the pitch, and on the next sequence the deepest outfield player stopping a counte… 
The actions of Muslim terrorists drove him to do what he did. Not Tommy Robins…
What a news , if something has happened wrong , it is being labeled to a pa icular sect........ 
A very peaceful long march, effo s are appreciated. All demands are legal &amp;  must be fulfilled accordingly by stat…   
ISIS member fighting for  Turkey in  Afrin  
Ofcourse its crime because murderers belong to peaceful Islamic community, had it been…   
Sad to know about the loss of precious lives in terrorist attack in Kabal  Swat. Thoughts &amp; prayers are with families of the vi…
Tragic. Prayers for the families of these brave soldiers. May they rest in peace.
SAA begins the new offensive against  ISIS in Hama-Idlib-Aleppo pocket
Ok we may have Theresa May as PM, but it could be worse....we could have Justin Trudeau instead   
War between  Turkey and the PYD in  Syria harms  USA interests and strengthens the Assad regime and  Iran  
Israel to allow power generators to enter besieged Gaza Strip Palestine
AMEN brother, AMEN. 
Pirshaliar ceremony in  Iranian  Kurdistan (Eastern Kurdistan)  Hewraman region.
The bold type, the Chi, dear white people, Lovesick, attack on titan ( its an anime ca oon). 
Scores Feared Dead In Fresh Herdsmen Attack In Adamawa   via  
ARREST SOMEONE ALREADY!! We are FED UP!! 😡Opinion: Trump is right -- He and his campaign were victims of a politica…  
Swami ji realized that unless Islamic conversions are arrested, we would not be able to survive. In 1923, he reconve ed 18,00… 
When, not If: Singapore on its toes over possible terror attack, security app helps 
For a long time   in this case meaning   since Friday, when Darren Osborne was found guilty of the terrorist attack inspi… 
You looked good today, not perfect, but much more measured and…   
This is a phishing attack
for militant attack - The Star Online   News!
Miss I'm having a hea  attack   
ReddyLikhita NEWS ALE :  Israel 'legalising' rogue settlement in response to murder (AFP quoting Netanyahu)
😡misleading claims by Boris sidekick  MuniraMirza on  Marr:
s   s   s  HumanRights  News
Vape smoking Corbyn apologist  Klopp slams British approach to youth development in bizarre anti Thatcherite attack on the modern game. 😉
If this dumb cunt actually knows Islam she’d know it is not haraam to be near/touch/etc non Muslims. And that it is a…
Pakistani  Famous  Actor Sajid Hasan's  Hair  Transplant Went Wrong | Watch His  Video | See The  Result |  Pakistan…
UK Government’s terror watchdog   has declared that it is “fundamentally wrong” to use the phrase “Islamis…  
Four out of the 6  cosplays I organised/made for my family for   2018 - Mikasa from Attack on Titan…  
Parents of the 83 ma yr kids by jet attack on Madrasa in Bajuar Agency are going to join  PashtunLongMarch....  
Prayers for freedom.  
Israeli  drones buzzing like crazy over  Gaza.
TIME TO  FreeNazanin   INNOCENT  HOSTAGE IN IRAN  
Afghanistan is the hub of terrorists, currently 70% area is under ISIS &amp; Taliban's control,&amp; you r suppo ing them, U r us… 
When you think of the Prophet (peace be upon him) what's the FIRST thing that pops into your head?
Why is no one in the International political community UN &amp;  msm denouncing this?
Some people are honest with their words, others with their actions, but the ones wo h trusting are hone…   
Maybe the ideology behind the theocracy of islam has core fundamental values that are too juxtaposed from those of a mod… 
you cannot be allowing such open terrorism on your platform.  , this kind of open calls for “hunt… 
Which Terrorism ?  
Ever you tasted it?
Counter-terrorism op near Jenin, as manhunt continues for terror cell leader behind Rabbi Shevah murder. IDF detained a M… 
Obama Officials, New York Times Leaks Classified Info That Helps ISIS   
Mullahs terrorist regime policy brings  IranianPeople closer to  RegimeChange in  Iran
South Americans have been brainwashed by Islamic States Imperialism  fakenews and some indugenous t…  
Wow. I had to listen to this a number of times.... just to be sure. The PM of Canada just told everyone that v…
If the terrorists (YPG) will not leave the Syrian Manbij, we will sta  a military operation in the…   
What is happening!!!  LoveJihad  
Trudeau has done a huge disservice to this country. He is coddling terrorists. Sending international aid $$$ to co…
Islam deserves all the criticism it gets as its simply a dark age bunch of intolerant bigotry and lies…  
Turkey doesn’t want refugees fleeing from its model Islamic state in Idlib.  
Welcome to Islam Bro
If u think you are not comfo able in life... Please see this clip of Mumbai ladies special train ! What do we really nee…
We have homeless veterans, opioid epidemic, our tax dollars are being willfully/grossly mismanaged healthcare in crisis, te… 
38-year-old Hindu landlord Manjunath was allegedly murdered by Muslim tenants Altaf and his two sons in ISIS style as they c…
In last 24 hours  Ukraine has Violated The  Minsk  ceasefire agreements 18 times, says the Ukraine War    Rebel   ( DPR)  JC… 
Religion is one of the central categories of diversity;  recorded over 120 different religious denominations i…
Shut the fuck up. I’m 120% for women’s rights but to change Islam to be lead by a woman imam is literally one of the signs of…
Dear NHRC .. have you sent this note to murderers of Delhi .. who slit throat on street?  
The first law requiring women to be veiled was in Assyria, up to 2 millennia before Islam originated.   
I love this concept as a goal line attack
So help  StopBrexit - the 2 go hand in hand.  Even a labour Brexit is still a victory for division &amp; hate.  
Yeah Man. Doing what he loved. He had a hea  attack on the trails. Guy was the definition…  
Surah Al-Fatihah   The Cure   -   -  Featured  UnderstandingQuran  ramadan  islam   
When you’re done with politicising  AnkitSaxena Murder, ask yourself “who is responsible for Hindu-Muslim hate crimes”. Who… 
hePoor:      …
Democary of INDIA is suffering with gender biased politics
Never knew Islam is this fragile for people. Matlab aurat kay kuch karne se Islam kharab hojata hai?
Are stone pellets different form young Kashmiris?
6 March, 2013 - Two  Muslim guilty of raping underage girls   


The real racist  
Oxford University Islamic scholar detained in Paris -    news  politics  trump  whitehouse
Ex Muslims dedicate their whole lives talking about Islam, they might aswell just become Muslim again lool 
- approved by terrorists the world over  
🆘‼😈🚀  Syria: Photos of the Russian SU-25 fighter shot down by Islamic terrorists in Rive- Idlib. What these Poser in the…
ATTACK
Opinion: Trump is right -- He and his campaign were victims of a political attack by the Justice Depa ment and FBI…  
The globalist scum are on full attack mode. Just watched Soros on YouTube making a spee…  
posts chess move WHITE WINS - signals ASSANGE escapes with Ecuadorian Diplomatic Passpo  w Travel Immunity YouTube…  
There is no hard right. You are simply a rabble rouser for the unholy alliance of Momentum and Continuity Remoan. D…  
SINGAPORE: It’s when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for terrorist attack 
However Nigerian Islamic leaders aint saints either , 
NY Times: Israel pounds ISIS in Egypt through 'secret alliance' with Cairo  
Ever you tasted it?
Pioneers of Islamic Revival (Studies in Islamic Society) PDF
Ya Allah, teach us not to only pray for ourselves but to also pray for others who are in need of prayers. 
I always loved the UK and the Brits until I learned that a lot of them are willing to tolerate almost anything to a…  
The character flaw that makes him attack verbally and on Twitter anyone who he perceives attack him h…  
A woman protesting compulsory hijab in Tehran’s Shahr Ziba Square. Apparently security forces wanted to arrest her, but Irania… 
Oxford professor charged with raping two women  
this is some next level attack on titan logo gaming  
Last sentence - but what they will replace our beautiful, diverse, civilised European cultures with is the grim unif… 
I legit get hea  attack😂😂
TrumpRussia Election2016 was a  911 level attack We have a  RussianAgent in th  OvalOffice…  
But then there's also attack slugs???
Child abductions rise amid South Sudan's grinding civil  War  
I Cooked tonight ! Custom menu. Max Hp 50+ 50+ stamina , Attack up XL , 20% elemental resistance, feline insurance &gt;:D http… 
Fo  Russ: Died like a hero: Revealed that Russian pilot killed in  Syria refused to…  
I believe Islam, through the prophet Mohammad (pbuh) and the Quran, continually adapts; responding to changing...   
Interpol warn of 50 islamic state jihadis entering Europe via the migrant boats.
70 years on: The bombing of the 'Post' offices, and the paper's legacy |   
A girlfriend from  Israel sent me this picture of her  IDF unit.
has ZERO reason to pa icipate in an interview with  Mueller  ObamaGate…  
…
Palestinian teen was killed, 8 injured following raid by  Israeli forces in no hern city of  Jenin in occupied…   
Awwww! Poor baby doesn't like the fact that the BBC interviews everyone, n…   
سنیے When you think of the Prophet (peace be upon him) what's the FIRST thing that pops into your head?
Hijab does not make someone a perfect Muslim. How could you say it’s oppressive if it is so liberating? A woman can be ne…
We do get tired at times. But quitting is not an option. Keep going. Keep your focus. The Almighty knows the best time…
starvi…
Sanatanis, evangelist attack is relentless,lies are unending. This time fm AP. Pamphlet says smoke,drink,have gutka- u will… 
OMG!  Amazing  Motorbike  Jumps | If It Were Not  Filmed No One Would  Believe It |  Wo h To  Watch |  Pakistan  UK  …
Even the Germans are dunking on him for that tweet. Seriously though, bragging about $78/yr buff in exchange for 80…   
Don't give up
henlo @ iritis why u attack me now I got events to do
attack very good. AWJ an…
mini hea  attack when ye canny find yer phone oan ur bed covers X
A very peaceful long march, effo s are appreciated. All demands are legal &amp;  must be fulfilled accordingly by state &amp;… 
why would shawn attack me so early
Attack on Kashmiri students due to 'misunderstanding', not 'targeted': Police   
Ad-Diyar is a yellow newspaper from  Lebanon, it has falsely claimed about a secret deal between  Iran &amp;  Russia for 500… 
Chinese oppression in Xinjiang forced Uyghurs to radicalise and join the Afghan jihad. China convinced Afghan…
Wow this is so sad  
Stand with army who fired for the protection of its team from stone pelting terrorists  
I don't really understand it but the little mechanical tops have multiple pa s with different phy…  
Trash.  
Islam rewrote biblical history to suppo  its political cause. Imagine if that occurred today.
If your Christian it's probably a good idea to avoid my twitter today.
That's the way to go...
Turkey/ Syria: Border Guards Shoot, Block Fleeing Syrians   
politicians attack social media over  fakenews and are now worried their campaigns won't get enough air time! see, that's… 
سنو When you think of the Prophet (peace be upon him) what's the FIRST thing that pops into your head?
There aren’t many days when you see the Indian bowling attack run over their opposition when playing OUTSIDE India!…  
اچھا When you think of the Prophet (peace be upon him) what's the FIRST thing that pops into your head?
WATCH as Russia gains revenge for killed pilot by obliterating at least 30 terrorists with powerful airstrikes...  
UDR same.
PESHAWAR - A suicide bomber killed at least 11 army soldiers and injured 13 at an army camp in Swat Valley on Satur…  
Soldiers of  Yemen's internationally recognized government and militiamen are taking pa  in the fighting. They say…  
IOC President criticises  CAS and calls for   urgent   reforms after decision to clear Russian athletes. Will they co…   
New  android  app: Islamic ringtones – no music nasheed tones  
Pakistan's Sindh Province 330 Megawatts Thar Coal Powerhouse Project is 70% Complete. The Powerhouse will be operational by 2019…
The replies to this... people actually think the BBC is a Tory biased network!? 😂😂😂😂😂
Parliamentary group of   declares solidarity with the Kurds in  Afrin. Pa y Chair,   calls on Finnish go… 
Wait!! Ms Kober feels she has faced sexist bullying, yet uses her interview in The Times to attack a woman Lab Council… 
New hub for contemporary a  to launch in  Jeddah,  SaudiArabia in 2019: 
The blood Socking   &amp; his army of Occupation   want to unreach terror attack on Biafran people once aga…
Classic Paul Ryan playbook - when all else fails, attack a woman. 
World, we dedicate a tweetstorm together now at the same time around the 🌏 to demand  Iranleaders to release Atena Daemi &amp; Golr… 
Suriye
BREAKING
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room his secret intelligent chase me everywhere try to kill me He is Muslim terrorist…  
said he would rather his daughter do a naked photo shoot like Myleene Klass than she conve  (to I…  
Lot of secular killings these days are in the form of beheading Hindus.
Well done to these  Kurdish ladies who sent more than 2000  ISIS to fiery pits. Viva la  kurds.  TwitterKurds.  
I thought that the scoreboard wasn't reflecting the quality and discipline of Ireland last year and it nearly told…  
It was narrated that Abu Hurairah said:   The Messenger of Allah (pbuh) said: 'Most of the torment of the grave is becau… 
Peaceful protests are a democratic right. However, violence in any form is unacceptable. We condemn the attack on a school bu… 
Three held over murder of Anthony Condron in Liverpool bar attack 
Armys could attack every other group and fandom out there but leave JYPE group's out of your mouths ESPECIALLY WG. Jype hel…
Criticism on  judiciary should be avoided, suggests Khawaja Saad Rafique    PMLN  Pakistan…   
The description of his physical appearance. They say he was more beautiful than the dese 's full moon. Our Prophet…  
BREAKING: In the past 13 days of the Turkish offensive on  Afrin, 104 civilians were killed and 156 more injured, accordin… 
The image of Erdogan and the Turkish flag at a meeting of jihadist terrorists
Strongly condemn the suicide attack on Army unit in  Swat Prayers for the ma yred soldiers.  
Mali: Statement by the of United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Counter-Terrorism  
End of the road as Zuma faces attack on all sides   via  
This is the white supremacist who carried out the terrorist attack in Macerata italy against the Black immigrants there.…
On an unrelated note, 
Secret Alliance:  Israel Carries Out   in Egypt, With  Cairo’s O.K. 
FreeMigunaMigunaNow
When there is legitimate criticism I get it, but this comparison with Islam like trea…   
With apologies for an attack on the English language, Euan from   gives a 'Blockbuster' view   
If you're looking for a meaning discussion on  Iraq, then you are invited to join us   You c…   
Who radicalised him?
This disgusting picture was taken in  Bethlehem,  Palestinians burnt &amp; hung  Trump &amp;  Pence in effigy &amp;  Fatah was so… 
This is why I love the Kurdish people, even with their many internal issues. They have pride in who they…   
So chatter was true from few days ago that Turkey will use another US terror listed groups Nour al-Din al-Zenki and Faylaq al…
Most runs in  ICCU19CWC
Aren't you not ashamed of your government,Americans? You sta ed every conflict in the last decades around the World.. 
That is 'worship' politics. See no evil, sing praises always. Any suggestions or alternative ideas are v…   
Syria Pro Militant Activist Says This Morning a Large Convoy of Faylaq Al-Sham &amp; Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement left th…
Law enforcement opposes this.
A foreign adversary attacked our democracy and is poised to do it again.  Yet the President has done nothing but attack t…
💥 WICKET NUMBER 7⃣💥
Some nice indications of the 'peaceful' nature of Bengali Muslims (so-called Rohingya) WAKE UP HUMAN RIGHTS WATCH, FO IFY R… 
स्वामी ji pls raise questions in parliament how can any state Gov file a FRI on our security forces. Army is there…  
remember when the nation of islam enlisted the game and snoop to convene a truce between bloods and crips
Iraqi PMU (Hashd) arrests 12 civilians, mostly high school students, on suspicion of being connected to ISIS, Talki…   
…
Who knows the pain &amp; tears a smile can hide except the Almighty. What is shown to the world is just a glimpse. Spill yo…
Outside Yemen's rebel-held capital, stalemated  War rages on   
Exactly! Gave me a small hea  attack!  
Just a matter of time: Singapore braces for terror attack with mobile app
I want to do the Physical Hea  Attack with Shin!! That totally looks like a magical girls doing!
Europe: Making Islam Great Again:  
Breaking  Syria  Turkey  OperationOliveBranch
And that those who do not believe in the Hereafter - We have prepared for them a painful punishment. ( Quran, 17:10) 
BREAKING: US airstrikes, a illery fire kills 20 women, 7 children in eastern Syria    Syria  DeirEzzor  ISIS 
Narrated Ibn`Umar: The Prophet (pbuh) said,   Oppression will be a darkness on the Day of Resurrection.   (Bukhari) 
Suppo ers of   NCRI &amp;  MEK  in  Brussels call for  RegimeChange in  Iran, demanding  FreeAllProtesters immediately  IranPr… 
In today's society, do you think you should warn your children about the dangers of Islam at a young age?   
It’s more likely that Bitcoin is successfully hijacked through taking over the Bitcoin brand, rather than some attack on… 
The awful thing is that while she is talking spin doctors will be planting attack pieces on friendly…  
22. Attack on Titan Opening.  
why do you employ  islamophobes?  
SundayBlogShare blogs in progress but been busy with uni apps. Pls read my story…  
ISIS 'Defense Secretary' Omar Al-Shishani Is Dead, But The Terror Group Claims He's Alive   
⛔ISIS
Institute of Islamic A  Thailand, Charoenkrung 36.   
ATTACK BY KAT TOLENTINO
I had a panic attack on the 2nd September 1986 and didn't talk about it again for 30 years due to the stigma of  Mentalhea…
Israel is leading the way when it comes to the world’s vegan movement
Did she not get the Islam is the most feminist religion memo
He was incensed by Islamic terrorism.
When you speak out against your government or resist in another form today, think of these activists who did the same and… 
were there this moderate terrorists suppo ed by the us government? was that a sam like stinger or ukraine sa7?
If, as he claims,    a slap is terrorism  , then his response is so much worse.   
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 82.202.160.46  
'The deputy prime minister highlighted that the U.S. administration needs to tell soldiers not to face Turkish forc…  
IOC President criticises  CAS and calls for   urgent   reforms after decision to clear Russian athletes. Will they continue… 
Do all male Islam followers have control over themselves, their morals ce ainly belong in t…   
yFox: Corrupt  Comey Wasted NO Time Coming Out On Twitter To Attack The  FISAMemoRelease
hea  attack  TwitterBestFandom  TeamEXO    PROMISE EXO
China  Accuses US of ' Cold  War  Mentality' over  Nuclear  Policy -   -  World_News  
Murders, gangrapes, blasts. You name it. The perpetrators were not foreign terrorists. They were local Kashmiri youth. In… 
China  Accuses US of ' Cold  War  Mentality' over  Nuclear  Policy -   -  World_News  
BITCH AKSJAJA those 14.6k followers doesn’t give a shit  
Such cases prove who is interested to create relationship and who's not..! Some seculars may say hindus oppose marr…  
the death sentence on Dr Ahmadreza is   provisionally suspended   please demand  Iranlead… 
WTF! What has India come to? Is   doing anything about the page? It's  
A century of cities at war – in pictures
Saudi Crown Prince MBS plans  US and  UK visit early next month  OOTT  SaudiArabia
Learn about the street a  scene in  Iran through the eyes of  Tehran-based street a ist ILL!
LIGHTS OUT ‼️  
Pallets of cash to a terror financing regime, weapons to Mexican drug runners, the IRS becoming a political tool....some th… 
No UN resolution /cha er about arming rebels let alone terrorists. Interfering in the affairs of another…  
Agent took me to  SaudiArabia saying there is job in a hospital but it  was the job of a maid.They were to uring me. My c…
man_Inst Since 2012, there have been no Africans entering  Israel - the tota…   
Hi plse read about the person you defend over their attack on a female abuse victim.T…  
Allah when I left Islam  
Far right terrorist shoots at African immigrants in  Italy
I got a hea  attack so it can't be counted
Brilliant video!
When Dalits were butchered for marrying Caste Hindu girls, Sanghi buffoons accused them of love jihad and justified the… 
EMP Attack Threat Is Real  Bo Hudson  gear  
bilkol When you think of the Prophet (peace be upon him) what's the FIRST thing that pops into your head?
Boko Haram: Nigerian army boasts of complete defeat of terrorists    
Erdoğan turns Turkey into a brutal dictatorship and a contender for world’s most prolific facilitator of terrorism.…  
BREAKING: US airstrikes, a illery fire kills 20 women, 7 children in eastern Syria    Syria  DeirEzzor  … 
Boko Haram: Nigerian army boasts of complete defeat of terrorists    
I WANT THIS ANSWER TOO below 👇
There’s a restaurant called the Hea  Attack Grill. The owner dresses as a doctor and the waitresses dress as nurses. O…
The striking appearance of Luftwaffe's bizarre 'Mistel' Composite attack    AvGeek  Aviation  
Turkish soldiers killed in Syria attack on Kurdish militia    
The Real  WarOnWomen  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
Dr Ahmadreza is very sick &amp; denied medical examination by  judge_Salavati of  Iran  SaveAhmadreza. Please join the tweetstorm e…
Boko Haram: Nigerian army boasts of complete defeat of terrorists    
Rite When you think of the Prophet (peace be upon him) what's the FIRST thing that pops into your head?
NunesMemo is the stuff of a reality TV producer. Orchestrated suspense/drama. Distracted from bigger story: No Russian…
Iran's Rouhani raps new US nuclear plan as threat to Russia - Reuters    Iran  IranProtests  
Boko Haram: Nigerian army boasts of complete defeat of terrorists    
DRC: Police 'didn't kill any protester' &amp; terrorism - UpFront interview with L.Mende  
Iran's Rouhani raps new US nuclear plan as threat to Russia - Reuters    IranProtests  
TY for this tweet &amp; comments. Attention:  veterans,  responders,…   
Fire engulfs car following suspected arson attack in Orford    
It’s clear that  Israel doesn’t want peace with Palestinians. It’s such a shame they use the blind suppo  of the W…  
Parents of the 83 ma yr kids by jet attack on Madrasa in Bajuar Agency are going to join  PashtunLongMarch. Finall…  
Turkish state from the air, and its armed, trained Jihadi terrorists from the ground has destroyed 3000 years old unique… 
The scope and scale of the  IranProtests is very different from 2009. The chants are not reformist. Protesters are asking f…
Pigs, Lipstick and Islam   via   
hkoreatimes  dis is wat Nigeria Army are doin to defenseless civilians instead of tackling terrorism  
So u r suppo ing families of terrorists?
needs a manicure 🙄   tNGsd
Is Trump's hostility nudging  Iran toward democracy? No - Arizona Daily Sun    IranProtests  
I am a muslim. But my Islam is not  USA or Israel or Soudi kingdom's version. I follow Quran  just and only Quran
Hindu (Dalit) girl from Hyderabad went to meet her FB friend in movie theater. Raped. Boy turns out Secular, ran FB ac with… 
Operation ‘Olive Branch’ Gains Ground as 100 Square Kilometers are Freed from  PYD Terrorist Militias
AnkitSaxena is a ma yr. For he dared to love, in the times of hate. 
TERRORISM feat. Sdl5ErYC
y He was conve ed to islam no need to suppo …  
New mass grave found in Shingal contains the remains of more than 77 Ézidi folk all murdered by Islamic terrorists as par…
Reuters  Iran's Rouhani raps new US nuclear plan as threat to Russia Reuters  Dubai (Reuters) -  Iran accused the U…  
Great job constables K Chandan &amp; Inayathulla Khan from Bahadurpura, Traffic PS for showing incredible presence of mind… 
Hate is hate whether it's the far-right or ISIS – but together we can end it    
Stone Pelting is terrorism, It is time we treated it like that writes  
I legit get hea  attack😂😂
umm When you think of the Prophet (peace be upon him) what's the FIRST thing that pops into your head?
Israel urges German bank to stop enabling 'antisemitic BDS movement'  
This a icle isn’t a fix. Just an attack saying I’m not going to talk about religion but if your a c…  
Alexis Sanchez makes a clear cut difference in our attack.
That's the name of my level 3 super attack
ive gotten that when i try n take a deep breath since i was a kid !! hjfkj im always convinced im gon…  
This is a brazen call for terrorism!
a puppy attack on loop  
Beautiful and progressive  pakistan.  china and Pakistan brainchild  cpec  
There was Steyn back then. This attack is not the same.
Jacob Rees-Mogg has to attack the Treasury repo s because they destroy the economic case for Brexit.
Europe: Making Islam Great Again:  
Yessss islam ftw 😍😍
My account was suspended for a tweet over 6 months old w no cursing, no threats.  My freedom of speech.  Y…   
According to   quoting  Russia Def Min, Moscow lost 
In a  World where  People are going through real  Hea  Ache  War   Terrorist attacks,  Death of a lov…   
A Russian pilot was killed after his plane was shot down by militants in  Syria's Province of Idlib, the Russian De…   
FSA Turkish backed group conquered a liquor store near  Afrin and destroyed it completely while shouting Allah u Akbar…
Is Trump's hostility nudging  Iran toward democracy? No - Arizona Daily Sun: Arizona Daily Sun
Turned on NPR tonight. A voice intoned, “After Trump’s attack on the nation’s top law enforcement body, who will be left… 
remember when the nation of islam enlisted the game and snoop to negotiate a truce between bloods and crips
YPG and PKK worship the same terror leader, Ocalan. 
What a GREAT Week  Patriots!
Just watched  Those_Who_Said_No on BBC World. A moving documentary on  Iran_Tribunal, documenting the mass executio…   
Hehehe..!! You guys lookalike though 😂  
Gaza - The Broken Hea ed   
Marr
New post (Islamic ca oon.obeying the   music) has been published on Urdu Islamic Video -…  
Interesting to see more and more Labour Pa y members disassociating themselves from Momentum on Twitter following yeste…
Protesters expressing their true feelings about  Iran's regime founder Khomeini, saying   Death to Khomeini   &amp;   Deat…   
Now Playing:   -   Islam  Quran  Sunnah  ILM  IslamicLC
White Supremacist Charged With Killing 2 In Po land, Ore., Knife Attack | 
Might US strike No h Korea to help GOP in midterm elections?  Iran  IranPower  News  
A few months ago, opening a mixed-gender literary cafe in Iraq's second city would have been unthinkable - punishable by flog… 
Hey A lot of West Bengal ppl in the list! Plz take swift action against these terrorists! ht…
It’s when, not if: Singapore braces for militant attack, which authorities fear may only be…   
teenx in hardcore attack  
Saudi rulers oppress women with strict Islamic laws, yet they themselves pa y, drink alcohol and throw money at strip… 
Why is Owassi not making noise on this ? Had it been in UP both he and congress would go around making noise  
Hypocrisy: Muslim Women Protest Violence But Defend Islam/Koran When Ask...   via  
TwitterBestFandom  TeamEXO  SoompiAwards   Hea  attack
Don't ever think you are the reason she is always nagging, it's a factory fitted characteristic of many females. Always do y… 
NHRC is nothing but olive beach of terrorists Organs.     has already…  
SWAT , KP,  Blast 03.02.2018; 
u know u guys really like to attack people for having opposite viewpoints on statement…  
My   a icle: how  SaudiArabia and can use  competition to beat  corruption.  IFREE award winning research…
Those moments when you find it hard to watch what's going on but realise you are in a really good spot for a photo.…  
Dear hea : Stop getting attached to temporary things. Get attached to Allah's promises.
*BODY ATTACK*
Where's all your tolerance peace lo…  
Just a matter of time: Singapore braces for terror attack with mobile app
Is the  UK using unmanned  drones in cove  killings outside conflict zones? Defence secretary’s recent comments add credence…
Pak Govt have to take very strong action against Afghan Govt so they will never think about this to attack…  
This is absolutely senseless, I’ve personally seen, heard Girl’s parents beat black &amp; blue her BF in Delhi. 
But surely ur point by comparing them was that u can’t condemn the IRA 4 their bombing campaign due 2…  
TrumpWatch: Hardline GOP Rep. Steve King points to wider attack on US agencies over surveillance of Page &amp;  Russia…  
this is what Nigeria Army are doing to defenseless civilians instead of tackling terrorism  
nersRelief: Because no matter where they are or what war and conflict have taken away from them, every  child deserves the right to… 
Deeply griefed on the ma yr of 11 Pak Army jawan in a sucide attack in Swat.
The  Democrats have Been aligned With  Globalists for Years &amp; Between the Two Groups of Brainwashing Socialist Machines Yo…
The cases are different. Terrorism and murder is sentenced differently to using a vehic…  
SITUATIONAL AWARENESS - ‘Somali Terrorists’ May Attack Super Bowl   vi…
heYorkie   It stopped people from getting medical care and going to jo…  
Attacking a school bus is not an agitation. It is terrorism. The people who did it are terrorists. Please refer to them a…
stage 2 cleared in 11 minutes!!!!!!! wow exo-ls im so proud of u!!!!!! now its getting harder for stage 3.
Now Playing: My Way To Islam by Bilal Philips -   Islam  Quran  Sunnah  ILM  IslamicLC
Apparent terrorist attack in London subway  
.  shares his  MiddleEastern  culinary experiences in  Iran,  Turkey &amp;  Lebanon: eating  breakfast of soft sheet… 
@ _com True hero. Respect this man for his courage to give his life fighting terrorism. May his family and friends…  
Will think you will find , Iran ,and  Russia had more to do getting rid of  isis,than  USA did,😨 Fox,news ,American…   
Attack on Bangtan
A protest in solidarity and suppo  of  AhedTamimi &amp; other Palestinian children in  Israel jails, in  Ireland 🇮🇪 ...  Fre… 
MUST READ:
A icle, slides, video and example of the   Known Beacons   attack by   of   now available:   
Lebanese government/system institutions are religiously sectarian &amp; far from being secular. Sure there…  
I liked a   video   Attack on Titan chapter 101 fan animation
Yahya Hasan hugging his Daughter Rahf , 3 years old killed in an  Israeli air strike last night in  Gaza  
Hmm When you think of the Prophet (peace be upon him) what's the FIRST thing that pops into your head?
Iran's Rouhani raps new U.S. nuclear plan as threat to Russia    Iran  UnitedStates  Russia…  
Every child is born on the natural state of Islam. Let us be careful parents and ensure our children stay on it  and reach Paradise
Star24News Three held over murder of Anthony Condron in Liverpool bar attack 
Shocked to learn that 11 security men were killed and many injured in swat by suicide bomber. My condolences to the family…
Even in your lowest moments when you’re totally helpless, don’t despair. The Almighty will send something your way when… 
ہانجی When you think of the Prophet (peace be upon him) what's the FIRST thing that pops into your head?
Quran is Islamic central text  ep3_M&amp;S  
On grounds of innocence, illness, mental cruelty, basic justice and huma…   
Three security officials embrace  ma yrdom in  Swat suicide  attack  
Quran is religious text of Islam  ep3_M&amp;S  
stage 2 cleared in 11 minutes!!!!!!! wow exo-ls im so proud of u!!!!!! now its getting harder for stage 3.
Almost had an anxiety attack ommggg
Well, no. That a RUAF Su-25 was providing air suppo  for regime troops advancing towards M5 isn't exactly evidence that… 
So... funny story happened when I was playing  PokemonCrystal on my 3DS. I was facing off Mo y and beat then Genga…  
Blah blah blah. Playing the victim?  I thought since you attack other people why are accused y…  
Iraqi PMU (Hashd) arrests 12 civilians, mostly high school students, on suspicion of being connected to ISIS, Talkif dist… 
Best full rss feed conve er    sem  tool | Blog traffic | Don't Let…  
Stop Turkish state terrorism now.  
NazaninRatcliffe has spent almost 22 months in Evin Prison in  Iran. She has not committed any crime. Read &amp; share her s…
Obummer is/was corrupt to his core. He was raised in a maddrass in Islam so why are we surprise…
So easy to brand Hindus as terrorists. Jehadis are hunting down Hindus with the help of same…  
This aunty seems to have some deep personal issues with Muslims who are already vulnerable and facing existnal cris…  
The Islam religion is so evil and oppressive on women, that's why this matter is handled so casually, some men ev… 
so nct are just going to attack us from nowhere often omg
The fact that anyone thinks these people represent   the left   or the   far left   is so…   
Turkish army: 5 targets were destroyed by TuAF &amp; 35 terrorists neutralized. Total number is 932
Loved doing this event with Amazing Mohsin - he is just *so* sma  and so brilliant at talking. But please also notice my s…
Thousands of Palestinians visit Israel every day. They have nothing to fear. But if Israelis visit   Palestinian   areas the… 
I just unlocked COMMUNITY GOALS and ANOTHER JUMP in Robot Unicorn Attack 2!  RUA2  
Islam will always be bigot religion
Death, Bomb Threats Against Children  ArmyCadets in  Londonistan  UK  Depo Islam  Islam  MuslimInvasion 
This is crap. Israel just as violent as any Islam Nation and the millions of dollars u.s. pours into ke…  
India24News24  Pakistan says  UNSC reform must reflect democratic principles
A ICLE |   have held off a fast finishing   attack at Suncorp - words via  .…  
Zakir Naik in book, Uttar Pradesh school in trouble 
Islam A Woman is Wo h Less than a Man  
Couple Found Guilty in Dog Attack Case
Break 180 rockets landed in Dangam district of  Kunar in east of  Afghanistan last night. Local officials say they were f…
About yesterday, Stunner  Iranian actress  Elnaaz Norouzi posing in laylachatoor styled by…   
Just finished reading  's Securing India; a riveting account of the surgical strike. Didn't know we ordered…
Premiership boss launches incredible Dallas attack    
Assad will not go. The majority of the  Syrian people love him because he is the savior of  Syria.
Every time you try to attack them
Best security assessment tool I have ever laid my hand on...  rocks 🤟!!!  
Basas attack goes long. 20-16. Ateneo  UAAPSeason80Volleyball
BREAKING 932 terrorists 'neutralized' since onset of Operation Olive Branch in Afrin, Syria: Turkish Deputy PM Bozdag 
I vote for  LouisTomlinson  iHea Awards  BestSoloBreakout    
Graphic video clearly shows that  BarinKobani did not blow herself up, but was mutilated by NATO backed “Syrian rebels” Afrin  S… 
I'm thinking if Turnbull gets a bounce after the racist attack on African Australians and the worst securi…
Breaking  Syria  Idlib
igerXT   You can fight alongside other nearby players when you attack a Gym
We respect our Pakistani brothers Who are suffering from terrorism, proxies &amp; differentiate between goo…   
Guy  Smashes Bowling Ball Through  Ceiling |  Bowler Throws  Ball Into Bowling  Lane  Ceiling and  Destroys It |  Epi…
And no love for PPP but they never attack anyone's personal life. PMLN can no…  
Amdocs To Acquire US Content Services Provider Vubiquity    Israel
How can a  disabled person knowing that  Labour cau…  
Seven Turkish soldiers die in  Syria, including five in tank attack 
BreakingNews &gt;
Angelina Jolie: Islam Is ‘Beautiful Religion’; Americans MUST take in Muslim Refugees Because It’s Their ‘Obligation…Do Y…
Last night's  Crossroads opened with my scoop on the details of  Israel's secret $1bn plan to save  Gaza from humanitarian…
Uma Thurman details Harvey Weinstein 'attack'  
this is what Nigeria Army are doing to defenseless civilians instead of tackling terrorism  
From The Spectator:   Tories should imitate – not attack – Jeremy Corbyn’s land policy   
You need to persuade   to change policy and  StopBrexit   - to save Britain  
@ _com Oh please... you have no idea what you are talking about... Russia and Assad cleared the US…  
Looks like the Islamic State has sta ed using it's infamous armed drones in Idlib.  
So proud of being Muslim.
Character of pedophile muhammad is enough to leave islam.
Senate testimony, 2003 - Called out Mueller for stopping the  FBI from honestly speaking about Islamic terrorism:   Some… 
(XOXO) Hea  Attack
German spy chief alleges No h Korea uses Berlin embassy for procurement    germany  govhack  Iraq
Sho ly after joining, her disappointment made her go as far as having a rage attack during a club meeting and cons…   
Transgenderism isn't a thing.
Pakistan Army Captain among 11 ma yred in Swat suicide attack  
An FBI agent is drawn into the world of hacking &amp; ISIS recruitment! ➡   hacking  thriller
WATCH as Russia gains revenge for killed pilot by obliterating at least 30 terrorists with…    
The spread of myth of Love-jihad is discriminatory against members f the minority community and UOI &amp; Rajasthan Govt are… 
Tehran  Feb 4
I hope you told the stupid bitch to get a grip on Islam. The UK is fast turning into a shithole. Congratulations si…  
The downing of a Russian fighter jet in Idlib and the deadliest day for Turkish troops in battle for Afrin. And how are…
Ankit’s murder shows that the normal Muslim is brutal and barbaric like ISIS so it’s not the radicalisation which m…  
1/n It could well be an orchestrated agitation with full backing of Bhansali. So long as Karni Sena went on attack mode c…
Iran protests: IRGC unable to reinstate the atmosphere of repression  pakistan  Canada  texas
Iranian Canadians in  Toronto held rally to suppo   IranUprising   and  calling for  FreeAllProtesters 
K Brule jumped and hu  himself, most of the housemates went to console him. 
Tehran,  Iran Feb 4 
is30: There will obviously be little coverage - it’s a crime by our ally.  
Ledger Addresses Man in the Middle Attack That Threatens Millions of Hardware Wallets    
I’m 100% sure I was on the verge of suffering a hea  attack when I came across this  
Yes interfaith marriage
The latest Iranian Cyber News!   Thanks to    cybersecurity  iran
Maybe we should do an attack spam to the writers, I'm pretty sure the Sam fans do this every other day and they always… 
We have an Islamic problem, if the government doesn't deal with it expect more people too 
Tehran,  Iran Feb 3 (Last night) 
Re-read this repo  earlier today while in London (and for a discussion on an emerging “convergence” project); very imp…
The latest Daily CPEC   ®  !   Thanks to    pakistan 
JustinTrudeau
this is what Nigeria Army are doing to defenseless civilians instead of tackling terrorism  
US Denies Role in Drone Swarm Attack on Russian Air Base   via  
I have zero sympathy for any  Turkish solider who dies in  Afrin.
Turkey is attacking Afrin with jihadi terrorists    
Europe: Making Islam Great Again:  
People who complain of boredom are 2.5 times more likely to die from a hea  attack or stroke than those who don't.
¡Vamos Lovatics!, no se detengan LOVATICS ATTACK  BestMusicVideo  SorryNotSorry   iHea Awards 
Retweeted mahsti25 ( ):
This is crazy and dangerous to all those who’ve been mentioned.
I imagine this car is special branch, probably has to be left running so it's ready in case of an attack. 
Spotted in  brussels ...  isis cola. It is organic though.  
Ben Sasse: Why Won't the White House Name Our Enemy?  
A courageous young  Iranian girl protesting the forced  hijab. She wants to be free.  
70 years on: The bombing of the 'Post' offices, and the paper's legacy |   
Tubes of Soccer AM fame has had a hea  attack aged 38 I’ve just heard. Used to watch the show many years ago. Seem…  
Muslim World League Chief: Exclusionary Ideologies Generate Violence,  Terrorism 
If someone is relentlessly attacking you or bullying you, I’m here to tell you that it’s nothing to do with you - it’s… 
abletaz So you agree that speech radicalizes and encourages the mentally unstable to commit terrorism?
Russian Forces Ambush Sixty Muslim Terrorists And Kill Them All. Do You Suppo  Them?  
Pentagon Just Admitted There’s ‘No Evidence’ of Syrian Gas Attack, Threatens War Anyway   via…   
trump you should have your ass thrown out for this one
From  
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He i…  
RETWEET U voted for   &amp; will  MAGA in 2020 🇺🇸
Attack Helicopter Mil Mi 24  3840x2160  Attack  Helicopter  Mil WallpapersBae -    
Muslims believe that reading of the  Quran is rewarded with divine rewards  ep3_M&amp;S  
Taliban suicide bomber kills 11 soldiers in  Pakistan 's Swat Valley
We sadly are still oppressed... By Islam itself and when I live in England and the population will exceed whites in 2050
How It works? You invest money in your personal online  CityOfInvestment managed Forex account held with a regulate…  
Atari 2600  Game lot of 9 imagic Cosmic Ark dragonfire star voyager demon attack    
Preparing for the unthinkable: What actions to take in event of a warning or an impending nuclear attack:  
Good they are killing each other the traitors Kurds and the terrorists Turkey suppo s
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for terrorist attack    TopNews   
Marr
Allowing Islam to take over our country is going to cause civil war in the near future and England will be a war zo…  
US Designates 2 Egyptian Groups as Terrorists, But Not The Muslim Brotherhood   via   
so proud of you, Aeris! 
Savage ipis is back to attack  
Questioning Islam from Ptownsend  Muslim  tcot 
Egypt, Israel are secretly fighting against  ISIS together -  NewYork Post 
Herdsmen Attack: Scores Feared Dead In Fresh Attack In Adamawa | The Sun News   
Gory video shows criminal to uring  Baloch kids in  Ayatollah's  Iran  
411 Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He…  
Italy Macerata drive-by attack: Foreigners targeted, say police   
Herdsmen Attack: Scores Feared Dead In Fresh Attack In Adamawa | The Sun News  
Wine Tasting in Tel Aviv  telaviv  israel  telavivfood    
This is going to be interesting ODI, LET C HOW THEY WILL ATTACK INDIA 
Abdullah promises ‘no mercy’ against the terrorists
Islam isn't the number 1 problem you fool
If the parallel database has leaked, the attack vector for CIDR is pointless. Why break into a secure vault if… 
Visit us for reliable Forex managed account services  stocks  fx  bitcoin  bestforex  expe s  dubai  uae  London…  
it cant be real omg xD  
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is…  
The correct term is “anti-Muslim bigotry”—we say “anti-Semitism,” not “Judaism-o-phobia.” 
@ _com: RAW: Moscow conducts 'massive precision' strikes on militants who downed Russian jet in  Syria    
The clashes between Dravish anti-Mullahs and IRGC forces in Tehran last night IRGC.s motorcycles destroyed by Dravi…  
NIGERIA GOVERNMENT IS SPONSORING BOKO HARAM AND FULANI HERDSMEN TERRORISTS TO SLAUGHTER AND BUTCHER BIAFRANS DAILY http…
SundayWisdom
Every Thursday you are invited to help someone who is behind the bars unjustly in  Iran. This person is Dr. Ahmadreza Jalali…
Puppet Masters:  Israel's threat to  Lebanon: 'Full strength' ground invasion in case of conflict  
Attack is the secret of defense ; defense is the planning of an attack
Remember   SerenaShim lost her life for exposing the truth  Erdogan accused of being a spy? Our brightest and brave…  
Hahah. Now you are sounded like a duck. Its okaylah. Go ahead what you want to assume about me. Neither o…  
Muslims Agenda Destroy Westetn
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He i…  
During the past week alone 13 homeless people, regarded as   Ca on Sleepers   in  Iran, lost their lives due to freezing,… 
Saudi, UAE implementing US, Israeli agenda in Yemen: Al Houthi 
Quick attack💪

Terrorism !!! Photos : Fulani herdsmen launch fresh attack on Guma    
This is really what happened in Bristol.
OH WOW.  
Must Read Thread.  
Acid Attack Survivors Get A New ‘Parichay’   via  
When you think of the Prophet (peace be upon him) what's the FIRST thing that pops into your head?
Jigglypuff ♂ Feint Attack/Disarming Voice (IV: 84% - CP: 624 - L: 33 until 05:42:12am.  
So his soul is returned to his body and there come to him 2 angels who make him sit up and they say to him   who is your… 
Israel  Reuters  NEWS  broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Patriots look to hit high note as band breaks up - MINNEAPOL…  
Israel  Reuters  NEWS  broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Iran's Rouhani raps new U.S. nuclear plan as threat to Russi…  
Not so much with me, but with other people I talk to. She's a nasty lonely bitter old woman. You know t…   
Feb 3 - Bandar Abbas, S  Iran 
I thought only  Pakistan cricket is sho  of batting talent but I was wrong.  Pakistan cricket still has lot of you…  
[4th set] Quick attack by Madayag. Lady Eagles with the early lead.
Don’t be so bloody ridiculous. Look at the left for a change. Their attack on free speech in the campus…  
JP Times: It’s when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack - Armed officers patrol a train s…   
Islam scholar Tariq Ramadan charged with rape  
IdahoHoneyPot: Shields UP!!  Telnet incoming Telnet attack from 179.180.127.118  
Syria  Idlib  SAA  SyrianArabArmy  SyrianArmy  Tiger_Forces Commander answered a Question by saying - Currently We are…
Traumatic stress is normal reaction to some events-natural disaster,plane crash, shooting,or terror attack…   
11-year-old  raped in  Karachi, step father arrested as suspect    Pakistan   
Man_JanBazam89: Roads, Bridges, Dam, Electricity, Schools,Colleges, Hospitals, Tunnels, Water Supply and Many mo…   
Does it imply that many of them were terrorists,  who are currently scared to take any assignment because of Modi ji?? 
So   is literally blaming   for being behind the campaign to stop Israel’s monstrous depo atio…  
Me too. I wait for them to finish...I cannot be having hea  attack
It might have been plan B if it was it was pretty effective. Ce ainly Gen. Fl…  
Bass Attack Lures GoPro Footage | Underwater Bass Fishing    
📸 GALLERY: We take a photographic look at new boy Islam Slimani's career so far...
precies dit..  
No.1 in SLEEPING
Thank you  GOD simply put  CS attack is 'ludicrous' =  ReesMogg is an arse.  Peston
A few people still seem to think that UKIP is the answer to Islam.  UKIP will NEVER effectively deal with…
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He…  
Feb 3 - Across  Iran (1/2)
For Oikoumene World Council of Churches
Israel  Haaretz  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Poland’s Holocaust controversy and Donald Trump's rubber-stam…  
…
This fellow is a well known bigot, his hate-filled posts have been a staple of Sanghi WhatsApp for some time now. D…   
Border cat
💕💕💕💕 When you think of the Prophet (peace be upon him) what's the FIRST thing that pops into your head?
The real choreographers of yesterday's attack on Geo and Liblols are   istSajid  
Israel  JewishPress broadcast by  TheIsraelCompany✡: Gaza Tunnel Collapses - The repo s say there are people trap…  
Israel  JewishPress broadcast by  TheIsraelCompany✡: Israel Foils Attempts to Explosives via Gaza crossing - The m…  
Israel  JewishPress broadcast by  TheIsraelCompany✡: Goodbye to the City of Gold - Trading the   Gold City   of Jeru…   
…
I thought we must attack.
Israel  Globes  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS Frutarom buys Israeli cosmetics ingredients co for $21m - Yavne…  
I'm currently having some so  of attack that I can only compare to the excruciating pain I felt when it t…
🎥 NUFC TV: Sign in now and get FREE access to Islam Slimani's first interview as a Newcastle United player!
TwitterBestFandom   TeamEXO   EXO
Israelis target ISIS fighters in Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact  
What the fuck wen junhui who allowed you to attack me like this excuse me???  
We've had a lot of practice betraying the  Kurds.   Afrin    
My house man! I can’t believe it! My freaking house! I almost had a hea  attack
Turncoat: John McCain is a globalist shill, used speech to the elite to attack Trump   via   
Violated: A survivor's account of the Rotherham Abuse Scandal  
Meet you at attack pal?
...can you guys take Kelantan and secede already?  
Mass exodus in  Saraqeb town, Southeast  Idlib countryside.. Families now IDPs, fleeing non stop aerial bombardment..… 
I liked a   video   At least 30 terrorists killed as Russia responds to downing of Su-25 fighter jet
Israeli settlers break into 3rd holiest site in Islam  
Yes, I have said it before and I will continue to say it. 97% of inhabitants of the No hern Nigerians are terrorists. Have… 
Israel  JewishPress broadcast by  TheIsraelCompany✡: IDF Plans Biggest Parachuting Exercise in Years in Preparatio…  
Israel  JewishPress broadcast by  TheIsraelCompany✡: Inspiration from Zion: Anti-Zionism is the new Antisemitism -…  
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is Musl…  
this is what Nigeria Army are doing to defenseless civilians instead of tackling terrorism  
Really feel great to see that indian spin attack is in good hands.
It’s not his fault. Our batsmen just haven’t been applying themselves. If you wanna blame someone, it’s the batting…   
Ahh, didn’t take long for the NEVE rumpers to deploy DNC Talking Points. 
…
BarinKobani,  YPJ hero, took pa  in the  liberation of  Raqqa from the evil of  Daesh 
shut down ALL Mosques and Islamic schools they are breeding grounds for hatred
We can now return to the old adage ‘Egyptians write, Lebanese publish and Iraqis read’.   
Hi  =  This PR, it’s a  humanity &amp;  Justice case  thaarjustice  DigitalMarketing  BrumIsBrill  HuddersfieldIs  FBNPromo  Twirl… 
200 families in West Pokot left homeless after bandits launch attack on a remote village.  K24NewsCut    
Healthy political debate, like the far right radicalising a man enough that he gets 40 years plus for terroris…   
One click install VPS  HOSTING   | Blogging idea | Blog keyword | Submit A icle | YouTube Ra…  
And why hasn’t anyone mentioned that FISA was established in the wake of 9/11 specifically to surve…  
Shias gave their suppo  for  RamTemple, Sunnis must lend their suppo  too. Every Indian is descendant of Ram.…   
rest in peace, brave woman, you did what you could..   
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He…  
MYiNewsfeed | It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack - InterAksyon   
@ _com: BREAKING: Russian missiles strike area of  Su25 downing, killing at least 30 terrorists – MoD 
All the tweets about   feel like a synchronized global attack for equal representation. Zurich, Berlin, Kat…   
Having an amazing time in  islamabad 💫💞
“An End to the Iranian Regime Is Coming”  Iran  IranProtests  IranUprising   
First they came for our judges, then the second chamber and now our civil servants. Democracy is under a…   
BFB-attack detected from 42.7.26.16 to SSH on 04.02.2018 11:15:02
Terrorist militias? Go ahead, Syrian Coalition. Suppo , advocate 
Shakira BFB-attack detected from 42.7.26.16 to SSH on 04.02.2018 11:15:02
London Bridge attack: Police defend victim identification process amid delay criticism - ABC News (Australian Br...  
Thats our problem, we don't follow 1 path. There is nothing like   Barelvi Islam or Deobandi Islam  . 
So true. The Anti-American liberals are desperate.  
This offers such a unique view of the beauty of the  Gaza sea!  
7 Turkish soldiers have repo edly been killed on Saturday  Turkey  Syria  WorldNews  EPAPhotos  
Well now it was all wo h destroying the city🙄  
Puppet Masters: Blowback: How  ISIS became the result of the  US invasion of  Iraq  
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 222.229.104.12  
[4th set] Quick attack by Madayag. Lady Eagles with the early lead.
this is wat Nigeria Army are doing to defenseless civilians instead of tackling terrorism  
I liked a   video   Massive Attack - Karmacoma
Bruteforce attack will be take sooooooo long 😂
Wait.. Lemme get this straight.. Been raped hu s more than lighting urself on fire with gasoline and…  
Security level Red Ale  in  Lahore as 10 to 12 terrorists have entered Lahore Cantt area,  expected area of execu…   
Terrorism !!! Photos : Fulani herdsmen launch fresh attack on Guma    
For the Jewish Worldwide Congress
And what about turkish and islamic terrorest😡
The  Russian  warplane have been downed by a po able air-defense system, or  MANPADS ?  AlQaeda in  Syria (…   
It was a criminal act. So convenient for you to drag Islam. Would you blame Hinduism for this?   
While enjoying a night out with friends, a beautiful teen girl was brutally beaten bloody by an outraged migrant. D…   
Ah well I guess those are good reasons for hillary to find a hack to build out a dossier…  
Thismustend The murder of children is one of the most heinous and brutal crimes that can ever be committed. Yet, in  Pakis… 
US government, with Turkey, always opposed the Kurds until it needed help against ISIS. Current stance, unfo unate…   
Islam is retarded superstition. It cannot be reformed because hate is written in the book. If you choose to ignore…  
Cop arrested for attack on 2 near Delhi, police say personal enmity 
As we've seen repeatedly, democrat psychology is a psychology of terrorism and violence.  SOTU 
Electricity
Quite literally, Jihad means ‘to struggle’ in order to end all forms of cruelty and evil and this is the true Jihad that… 
They're calling   a Nazi.
Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack  
HVshsvsjwbe SSBTS an you not attack me with your cards please 😱 I’m excited to get my first prism card but wow what a card to…
Remember   SerenaShim lost her life for exposing the truth  Erdogan accused of being a spy? Our brightest and bravest truth-…
YPG and residents in Afrin didn't investigate or condemn the  YPG members who pareded and humiliated the corpses of the kille…
Israel  Haaretz  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Poland’s Holocaust controversy and Donald Trump's rubber-stamp o…
Turkish army and jihadist  FSA militants have captured  Khoruz mountain where was downed  Russia|n warplane yesterd…  
Families with ISIS relatives Forced into Camps   
Turkey’s huge crackdown is destroying civil society | Kate Allen  
Maybe. They have a strong attack, but weak defence. I say charge! 
Breaking news.  Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack
- post your Sam Harris podcast - bring on the Sufi / Rudi Islamic leader for his interpretation of th…  
Arrogant  Obama and  Muslim kid arrested for homemade bomb  
Today's threats come from EU Quitters, White supremacist British Terrorists &amp; a Government willing to r…   
No, I don't see it that way. 
We have to say the words Radical Islam. We need to talk around the issue anymore -- there will be our success.
New protests erupt across cities and towns in  Iran  Azerbaijan  Libya  Egypt
“An End to the Iranian Regime Is Coming”  Iran  IranProtests  IranUprising   
REtweet! Islam is humanophobia.  
Famine, wars, potential nuclear attack, stripping environmental rights, and now this..   
Why you attack Modi like this?  
Trump may try to take credit for the defeat of ISIS, but he's largely kept with the strategy laid out by President Obama.… 
Sick:  Palestinian TV Teaches Kids to Idolize Terrorists  
this is a fucking attack
If the energy,resources and time that will be dispensed in monitoring the social media labyrinth  by the state security appa… 
Abdullah promises ‘no mercy’ against the terrorists    
I liked a   video   Attack on Ogre
09h30
TWITTER SILENCING.
MENDES SKJKSKSK YOURE GIVING THE WHOLE FANDOM A HEA  ATTACK WOAHHH
for terrorist attack   via    
Cancer is the 2nd cause of death in  Gaza ...  SaveGaza  GazaSiege 🆘  
Good morning.... in case you missed it, Newcastle United confirmed the loan signings of striker Islam Slimani and goalkeeper Ma … 
Well, your future is in the past already and the name of hijackers are as follows: Greg Maxwell, Adam Back, core de…   
TwitterBestFandom
Upset by frequent  accidents, people want death traps removed from roads of  Jazan —    SaudiArabi… 
humbriapol: Two brothers were jailed last week after a vicious machete attack on a resident in Gateshead - because he asked them to…
How to Pronounce Verbal Attack ↺ ❤    summon  channeling  wallop  giveoldcollegetry  aggress…  
No kidding!!  We want justice!  
Deputy PM  Bozdağ: If terrorists do not leave  Manbij, Turkish troops will move into the city, and east of  Euphrates Rive… 
Oh Damn, their are 102 couples named in that list 🤐   
So NHRC too on underworld paylist!!!  
let them attack me it's been fun
Played well? Did Huddersfield have an attack? He had fuck all to do for 90 minutes.…  
im SUPER scared of yet also fascinated by the ocean, i think i'd have a full panic attack if i was eve…   
Chinese investors attack bestselling financial author they blame for ‘40 billion yuan losses’  
Statement on Nice Terror Attack | Babinec for Congress  
I'm at a point where I just block anyone who's hating on BTS and ARMYs, without quoting them or replying to them. Y'all try… 
here comes stan twt smai coming to attack 🤠🤧🤧🤧🤧🤧🤧🤧😪😪😪😪🤧😪🤧😪🤧😪🤧😩😩🤧😤😤😤😤😤😤  
dis is wat Nigeria Army are doing to defenseless civilians instead of tackling terrorism  
Whitehelmets Hadi and The White Helmet Boys - Hero's by Day, Terrorists by Night! Paid for with US and UK tax money.… 
“An End to the Iranian Regime Is Coming”  Iran  IranProtests  IranUprising    …
“An End to the Iranian Regime Is Coming”  Iran  IranProtests  IranUprising    …
“An End to the Iranian Regime Is Coming”  Iran  IranProtests  IranUprising    …
“An End to the Iranian Regime Is Coming”  Iran  IranProtests  IranUprising    …
this is personal attack  
Time to sleep after a long night of  Toonami! ^_^   via  
I’m taking a Twitter break. Woke up to a personal attack by a MAGAt using my profile picture and calling my autistic son a…
tracking a icle 1: (still pro
1st death anniversary of Bano Qudsia observed -    Pakistan  
How to Pronounce Verbal Attack ↺ ❤    pietersen  Verbal  big-mouthed  one'sdarnedest  hu …  
Just a reminder : Islam is Love.
Dearborn, MI An Emerging No Go Zone of Islamic Hate and Intolerance   Not all Immigrants are Hispanic  NODACA   
Abid al-Hamid al-Muhabash, president of the  Raqqa executive council, condemns and denounces  Turkey's attack on  Afrin.… 
Signs you’re in law school: having a 5am panic attack regarding your parents will and ensuring everything is adequately dealt with
It is a genocide and you lowlife suppo  it.
Strongly condemn the cowardly suicide attack in an Army Unit at Swat. Salute the brave sons of soil who embraced Ma…  
the more i observeNnawaz Sharif and his policies the more i like Zardari the more i observe Zardari the more i love Musha…
Chahal 5for n Kuldeep 3 bowl out SA for 118. Great attack by Team India
DHS/NPPD/PIA-009 - Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards (CFATS) | Homeland Security  
Russian Delegation Met With Netanyahu 'To Prevent Israeli Attack' in Lebanon, Syria 
Father Of 11yo victim of Stockholm terror attack may sue the Swedish government  
US Troops  Arrive in  Israel to  Practice for  Potential War With Hezbollah  
SACRED KNOWLEDGE SEMINAR
Woman’s ‘hea  shattered’ by father’s death in Finsbury Park attack  
120dB is a new initiative by a group of German women who refuse to stay silent about migrant rape, violence and terroris… 
Speak out against  Daesh ( ISIS), let your voice be heard, and stop Daesh from spreading its hate &amp; misinformation. 
Argue benda lain, tetiba attack personal. Wow! Such a wow! I loike bery de much! 😂 
His Excellency   the   office in  Iran has blocked me only for my statement over incapability of mullahs…
Our team medical interventions in  Oyo  State  Nigeria to improve  health life  RuralVisionWHRF
In an attack heavy squad, Cristian Melara brings some welcomed quickness &amp; aggression to the   defense. He…   
this visual attack  
You disgusting, traitorous manics openly celebrating the (((Western))) funded and trained TERRORISTS executing that…   
NUFC fans who think   Tommy Robinson sparks the truth   confused how to react to new striker called Islam.   
Suspending a doctor for fighting against white supremacy is completely unjust, un-American, and unconscionable. Racism within… 
Taking on West Africa’s terrorists - The eyes in Africa’s skies “Though a staunch ally of the West, Niger’s preside…   
Well just to finally say, Islam originally created to give a controlling identity to the A…   
Kashmir Solidarity Day to be observed on Feb 5 -    Pakistan  

We have used these clips whilst training in  Sudan. Sadly lot…  
if something didn’t make sense to me i always questioned it and got a reasonable, rationalized answer - maybe you’re jus… 
i have decided that i won‘t have an anxiety attack or a mental breakdown today demons i am ready to fight  
Star Wars: Attack of the Cones.  
So killers of  AnkitSaxena are terrorists or not just like stone pelters on the school bus ? ?  
*pretends to be shocked*  
1st Test: Match drawn. Ban 307/5 (100). Summary: Mendis 196, Mominul 176, Islam 4/219, Lakmal 3/68. 
sBlogSA: Orlando Pirates v Polokwane City could be a cracker! 🔥 City's deadly counter attack &amp; Pirates recent form.
Turkish soldiers killed in Syria attack on Kurdish militia    
The ultimate goal for a believer in this world should be to gain the pleasure of Allah so that he deserves the same in…
So this is how they are avenging  AnkitSaxena 's death.
Nine bodies of  Syrians frozen to death while trying to cross into  Lebanon were found close to the border. Two innocent ch…
:  SSH Possible SSH attack from 163.172.70.102  
YAAAASSS KEEP'EM COMING GIRLSS!  
StopAfrinGenocide is absurd Talk abt  Genocide if you're referring to Tutsis in  Rwanda 1994 or Muslims at  Srebrenica 1995…
professor of Islamic studies, Islamic scholar Tariq Ramadan charged in France with rape.   
Much more communication &amp; good relationship building between nuclear powers is needed to help ensure it doesn't…
You have to feel for Markram. You make your captaincy debut when AB Faf are out of the side, neatly everyone is a senior, yo… 
From South Africa,and going to live in  Israel greater  TelAviv area in July 2018. Looking for a  English  job in…   
PKK terrorists in Afrin firing rockets on farmer’s market in Azez.  
Iran arrests 29 women for not wearing hijab in protests 
Israelis target ISIS fighters in Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact - Washington Post  
We Planned To Attack Ondo - Arrested Boko Haram Suspect   via    
Also no country is accepting refugee status if the people are white. In fact many countries are actively…  
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He…  
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, scores of ISIS militants killed in air strike, claims Russia - 
You disgusting, traitorous manics openly celebrating the (((Western))) funded and trained TERRORISTS executing that young,… 
This woman is far more qualified to speak on Islam than most of our politicians, brave woman.   
:  SSH Possible SSH attack from 5.101.40.10  
BREAKING: Carlos the air traffic controller ready to offer his services in  Idlib
The best bowling attack in the white ball cricket. A proper number 5 bowler will make us unplayable!

Palestinian Authority Chairman Mahmoud Abbas threatening war over  Jerusalem    arutzsheva  israel
Deeply saddened after terrorists attack in  Swat unit.
Always having a mini hea  attack when i'm thinking that i'm going to see paramore on feb 18. And it's getting closer nooooow~
Book culture returns to Iraq’s post-jihadist Mosul    
Middle East respiratory virus came from camels, not terrorists  
@…
No one can justify bombing innocent people however I have sympathy for this view also  
Book culture returns to Iraq’s post-jihadist Mosul    
Russian Delegation Met With Netanyahu 'To Prevent Israeli Attack' in Lebanon, Syria 
And it is not your wealth, nor your children that bring you nearer to Us (i.e. pleases Allah), but only he (will please U… 
im so lucky i got to be apa  of something that was so special. the dwt was definitely one of the best experiences…  
And you'd still sit on your hands?  -- As you all did for jobs increase, market increase…   
Under Erdogan's rule, the citizens are encouraged to hate, mistreat and even attack the people who defend minority rights. Chri… 
Breaking24India It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for terrorist attack   v…   
When ISIS (refugees) outranks our Veterans. Trudeau’s got some F*cked Up Values
You are right : the aim is to make   normal   girls feel embarrassed wihout a hidjab, and make this one a   normal   cl…   
In an attack heavy squad, Cristian Melara brings some welcomed quickness &amp; aggression to the   defense. He can play… 
Book culture returns to Iraq’s post-jihadist Mosul    
Save Biafra from Islamic nigeria government
Go ahead boycott  Israel.
WATCH as Russia gains revenge for killed pilot by obliterating at least 30 terrorists with…  
We stand in a solidarity with the children of  Douma
…
Book culture returns to Iraq’s post-jihadist Mosul    
Noise in Molesey reached 77 decibels 11.15pm last night. WHO guidelines : 40 decibels maximum to prevent str…
NICE ATTACK JHO
it's not an attack its facts
Malaysia:  Muslim who beat his 9-year-old daughter to death would “recite the Quran during the night”  
UPDATE — Turkish forces, FSA fighters capture Shaykh Khurus hill east of Bulbul district from PKK-affiliated YPG terrorists… 
Book culture returns to Iraq’s post-jihadist Mosul    
Dont Cry/MID 
unicef makes the biggest ever appeal for  children in its history of over 70 years. The biggest chunk is meant to help…
Erdogan's regime recruited all former ISIS &amp; Al-Qaeeda terrorists to attack Kurds in Afrin
Jho backrow attack  ALLINAteneo
Great.
Book culture returns to Iraq’s post-jihadist Mosul    
Now remember “It’s nothing to do with Islam”!!  
Stat attack. This is the 19th time   have put on a century stand. Currently added 139 which is 8th on all…
…
The media has been speculating that I use PBNs to get my rankings. We are trying to fight ISIS. Frankly we have no choice!
Trudeau compares post WW2 Southern European refugees to ISIS fighters returning to Canada shows how morally corrupt…  
BACKROW ATTACK COMING FROM MARAGUINOT 💙  UAAPSeason80Volleyball
Wow! Back row attack by Jowana!!!
repo s yet another suspected Fulani herdsmen attack in Adamawa state. How difficult is it for the…  
Well all monotheisastic religions have oppressed women, Islam is the wor…   
Multan
In that instance you by sheer happenstance unbeknownst to all may be surveilled with him. If it’s simply a visit &amp;…  
European Parliament identifies Wahabi and Salafi roots of global terrorism | ThereAreNoSunglasses  
backrow attack beybeee 💙 that's my  jho!!  ALLINAteneo
backrow attack !!!!!!
BANNED IN USA: PUTIN EXPLAINS WHO SUPPO S ISIS LOCATED HIDDEN INTEL VIDEO   via  
Nice back row attack Jho 💙
I feel the same but can’t help defend the Civil Service when you attack it. Cheerio
ALLINAteneo back row attack by jho
Calories shmalories. Sta ing the week here in  Israel with this gigantic banana pancake 🥞 at iconic Tel Aviv eatery  Benedic…
Please take Action As soon as possible... It is open declaration of murder.
When gays are attacjed and discriminated, you do not say that bull shit, you ask us to sup…   
eeyyyy backrow attack!! MaraG!!!  ALLINAteneo
What can three unarmed kids to do prevent the terrorist attack?  
Don't feel sorry for the Flying Ivan who got shot down in his Su-25 and liquidated over Syria today - He may have been the…
I’m calling out   &amp; the Main Stream Media for misleading their audiences regarding  MemoGate: for NOT telling them…
for terrorist attack    india  indiabiz
Finsbury Park victim's family describe trauma of losing 'peaceful' grandfather in terror attack  
Reminder the FBI is so evil and corrupt that the managed to keep this Country safe for the last 17 years from another 9/11…
Oregon:  Muslim inmate sues state over failure to provide halal meals  

SAA terrorists dropped barrel bombs at  Masuran in eastern  Idlib
Sta ing a cold  winter day  alfresco under an orange🍊tree at a  Persian  cafe in  Shiraz, city of  culture &amp;  love,  IRAN.… 
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is…  
What can three unarmed kids to do prevent the terrorist attack?  
How did they manage to get   profile level info? Threat of credible voilence    
Israel Minister of connect say for the first time i meet in public the Prince of  Bahrain in  TelAviv
Some soldiers use their service to try to get Islam critics to see their “side”, because they were “around Muslims”, so w… 
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is Mus…  
back row attack by jhoanna maraguinot
BREAKING:  Fulani herdsmen launch fresh attack on Guma (PHOTOS)
What can three unarmed kids to do prevent the terrorist attack?  
Except atheism isn't. Atheism is just not believing in deities. Atheists have beliefs, but they have other names, such as hum… 
New goal for 2018:
ZQUAD VOTE ATTACK
Islamic Scholar Tariq Ramadan Jailed in Paris Over Rape Accusations  
So Pankhurst knew this would be a bloody fight. Suffragettes were regarded and treated as terrorists. Sylvia Pankhurst…
Enjoy all those radical islamic migrants you impo ed to your country.... hope the $$$ you pocketed were wo h it...
At least six African immigrants were shot and wounded by an Italian man in Macerata in an apparently racially motivated a…
Old established Hindu Leicester community in turmoil at meeting as another shia mosque tries to settle in community  …
Weeelp Jho's own version of Backrow attack
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Dazzling Gleam (IV: 93% - CP: 523 - L: 26 until 05:28:51am.  
Uganda: Conve  from  Islam to Christianity says “The  Muslims are trying to kill me”  
17263639201727473928
How  ISIS used  socialmedia,  twitter,  facebook and  VideoMarketing for slick  propagandalive:…   
Boko  Haram:  Nigerian  Army  Boasts of  Complete  Defeat of  Terrorists)    
eeyyyy backrow attack!! MaraG!!!  ALLINAteneo
Morning! Gentle nudge for my Twilliterate pal :)  
People really love to attack me- they love calling me alpaca supremacist, Nazi, kkk- they threaten me &amp; my family.…   
Gerry Adams - everyone's favorite  terrorism apologist - backs  corbyn and . 
Feb3/11:26pm Despite the circuit breaker being off, electromagnetic frequencies are being beamed onto my prope y and my b… 
Fantastic news and hopefully all those terrorist scum are now roasting in Hell.  
*pretends to be shocked*  
Honest, descriptive, lyrical reflections on Nigeria: The Niger Delta remains restive while Boko Haram insurgents, d…   
Three held for  Murder over  Liverpool bar  Attack on Anthony Condron  
Afghan president leaves open possibility of talks with some Taliban:  Ghani raised the possibility of reconciliatio…  
and   win   Fake News Story   of the Year on    for their   putrid   failed hit-piece on th… 
AMERICAN WEAPONS IN  RUSSIA
📌 Israelis target ISIS fighters in Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact - Washington Post…  
Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack    

Spurs put team before individuals    
backrow attack beybeee 💙 that's my  jho!!  ALLINAteneo
First they came for the judges, then they came for the second chamber and now our civi…   
From one pilot to another- I’m currently drinking a ‘White Russian’ in honour of the Russian pilot, murdered in his…   
You are 100 %  CORRECT!!!  Obama is the MVP of the ISIS, IRAN and RUSSIA team!!! 
Maraguinot with a backrow attack! Reminds me so much of Alyssa's legendary backrows. Ung tipong approach pa lang, y…   
Deadly Suicide Blast Hits Pakistan Army Unit; 11 Dead     
Backrow attack of Jho is lethal.  ALLINAteneo
stage 3 cleared in 9 minutes!!!!!!!!!!! oh my god eris yall are so fucking powerful!!!!!!!!!! let's proceed to stag…  
Valverde:   If you attack well, you'll defend well. If you don't attack well that's when you're exposed because you're u… 
Fact.  
security How mature is your organisation against cyber attack? Try these 7 questions!   CEO  
swedish security services  This man Ashok ultra leftist is suppo ing Islamic terror in your country
Seven Turkish soldiers die in  Syria, including five in tank attack 
If u want us to stop talking then tell ur Fulani terrorists to stop raping our women and children and to stop slaughtering our…
Israelis target ISIS fighters in Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact - Washington Post  
Q : Who is sick and tired of arrogant  JihadiJustin and his ISIS TERRORIST pals...such as Omar Kadr, Boyle, Soleiman, Ag… 
Uganda: Conve  from  Islam to Christianity says “The  Muslims are trying to kill me”  
Syria war: Turkey suffers deadliest day in Afrin offensive  Afrin  Syria  Turkey   
I see censorship is alive and well on Twitter.  I posted this pic yesterday outlining who owns Donald Trump.  Where is i…
NATO has a snazzy new slogan for the Eastern front.  
PKK terrorists in Afrin firing rockets on farmer’s market in Azez.  
stage 3 cleared in 9 minutes!!!!!!!!!!! oh my god eris yall are so fucking powerful!!!!!!!!!! let's proceed to stage 4!!!…
Hea felt condolences to the families of the soilders who embraced ma yrdom in Swat! Some external forces want Pakistan…
BREAKING: Ballistic missile fired by  Houthi terrorists targeting population centers in  Yemen’s  Marab intercepted   
The world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bia…  
Nothing worse than an anxiety attack at this hour 😭
Weeelp Jho's own version of Backrow attack
THE DAY OF RECKONING &amp; JOURNEY OF THE SOUL
The only thug was the guy in the White Shi . Live video footage here   And where after the m…  
.. ATTACK on bangtan   TwitterBestFandom  TeamBTS
Six years later turns out I was having seizures that made me hallucinate whenever I had a panic attack.
That attack tho
The Italian Mob Is Peddling Pills to ISIS   via  
I've seen these two in real life and died of a hea  attack I couldn't handle all that sexiness...…  
no hern nigeria lost like 90% of its culture to islam, but your uncles are talking as if islam has always been their c… 
Introducing  UKGrahamPhillips hashtag.
Just because a nigga asks for your dads number it doesn't mean your getting married. It means that you will get to know each…
Maraguinot with a backrow attack! Reminds me so much of Alyssa's legendary backrows. Ung tipong approach pa lang, you already… 
Kristiane Backer In Debate About Islam On British TV - The Big Questions...  
My brother   you were there the other day; what can be done to end this ever disturbing unrests?…  
Forget Brexit. This is an attack on democracy whatever you voted. The Germans in the 20's &amp; 30's sleepw…  
I can get behind this version of radical islam  
Lol. So the attack on   has begun. AAP's spokie, an Islamist ideologue, has begun barking.   
ATTACK EXOLS!!!!!
Phishing and Impersonators of Valorem - BE CAREFUL   
Road widening shouldn't be compromised. Votebank politicians will cime to resue of illegal occupants. before they invlove t…
🎥 You can now watch new loan signing Islam Slimani's first interview as a Newcastle player for free on NUFC TV.
Jho's Back row attack💙💪
The only thug was the guy in the White Shi . Live video footage here And…  
Israelis target ISIS fighters in Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact – Washington Post  
What can three unarmed kids to do prevent the terrorist attack?  
i;m sure the russians will even the score with US  
SDF Commander: “The Afrin attacks are to keep ISIS standing”  
The world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Biafra the s…
and i cannot forgive what he said and that’s the end of it. you can’t attack me for feeling that way so…  
In 2004-05 and 2006-07 in Iraq, the ROE was pretty simple for me as an attack helicopter pi…   
BBC did cover this march (  and more generally does very good, informative coverage of wha…   
My GG recommendations for Dec - early Feb:
Zidane:   That means we must work even harder. We have could avoid their second goal. That annoys me, as we have worked on… 
Scores Feared Dead In Fresh Herdsmen Attack In Adamawa  
ownsend7: Questioning Islam from Ptownsend  Muslim  tcot 
Chahal and Kuldeep are really good. The Indian bowling attack has been looking world class in the last few months.…  
h_:   I guess there is always the ad hominem attack, if nothing else 
Sidra and Asha are best friends! They currently live in a camp for the displaced after fleeing  Mosul with their families  A…
Urgent  Breaking
1736351819917x/sec
Congrats to Chief Paul Unungo on his timely resignation as Chairman of the No hern Elders Forum and I commend the leaders of…
Europe must learn something from this; while women in Islamic nations are burning their hijabs Europe wants to make…  
Is this really called for ?   I can understand your anger at this Liberal crap .  
you didn’t have to attack me like that  
{ Whenever I try to open up, my anxiety will attack me instead. Telling me that it's inappropriate to tell the othe…   
Please take Action As soon as possible... It is open declaration of murder.
Demonstrating the security threats created by the nation’s immigration system, the vast majority convicted of terrorism… 
Canada: Two  Muslims convicted of forcing 15-year-old girl and two other women into prostitution  
AN IRGC OFFICIAL ADMITS WOMEN HAVE PLAYED AN INITIATING ROLE IN THE RECENT PROTESTS
I'm not exaggerating when I say that he is one of the most corrupt people, easily in American h… 
OperationOliveBranch has nothing to do with terrorists, that is what he wants us to believe. Erdogan jus…   
If the ruler were righteous the good people of Iran would not be pouring into the streets against him for their fre…  
We knew this from day one, nothing new here. I…   
could put them both if it isnt a big game but Eln…  
Good news n shame for him for rest of his life. If Islam is perfect then why he raped being a scho…  
George Bush expanded the surveillance state to spy on terrorists. But when Obama took power he used the surveillance sta…
This is very true, now it doesn’t sting, but people would always bring them up, and I’d go along with it, but it al…   
Israel's Defense Ministry: Explosive components for long-range projectiles hidden inside packages of medical supplies into…
Stop giving her a hea  attack 😭  
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is…  
Herdsmen or terrorists????  
BREAKING: Ballistic missile fired by  Houthi terrorists targeting population centers in  Yemen’s  Marab intercepted https:/…
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for terrorist attack   
IM GONNA HAVE A HEA  ATTACK WHATS HE LOOKING SO GORGEOUS FOR WOW KIHYUN IN A HOODIE IS THE DEFINITION OF PERFECTION  
so far today is a good day even though I almost had anxiety attack &amp; I woke up with headache 🤷🏻‍♀️ it's still good day 💜
Psalm 11:3
Then they wonder why we are hostile?? Who sta ed it here??? And is just one c…  
FarmAttacks -   agricultural sector  workers also attacked and terrorised. Our food producers are easy targets for…  
FIFA World Cup Trophy in  Pakistan.  
Islam has never developed a morality. There may be other cultures wh…  
islamic women nude pornstar blogs  
Beautiful work by charley ✨💅🏻💕  salon  beauty  beautyblogger  swarovski  glitter  creative  fsa…  
Retweeted COZA Global ( ):
is angry that murdering Americans with their cultivated phools will result in massive public and international…  
bruhhh all u do is blame the Muslims for shit and sue the police. U have no knowledge of Islam yet ur running ur mo…  
indorman855 Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me H…  
Were those protestors 'far-left'? Where does that come from?
World comunity should open their eyes on what is happening in  iran
A day will come when the world will witness the fall of this unjust regime
If Salim loves Gita then it's   LOVE  . 
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is Musli…
A new day, a new  cryptojacking attack. Mac  cryptominer distributed with Firefox,  OnyX and Deeper via MacUpdate h…   
Religion, both Christianity and Islam is more than we are knowledgeable about, there are so many sides we don't understand. 
A proper hung parliament would see all Tory terrorists hanging from Westmonster Bridge
sonUK   What makes you…  
Who stole money off who? And are you t…  
Attack
Because the  Syrian people want  Assad and almost unanimously vote for Assad,  USA does not want  Assad. 
Egypt:  Muslims who attacked church get no jail time, Christian fined $20,383 for unlicensed church   
Huge game today!
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He i…  
When Tottenham create chances today, we need to take them. Sounds simplistic, but we cannot be wasteful as Liverpoo…   
Great_Indian_history Ambedkarji's thought on Islam can be found in Pakistan or The Pa ition of India, first published… 
CHEN PMSNNA JAHDKDL YOU CANT JUST ATTACK ME LIKE THAT-!! I you're so cute chen thank you i suppo  you too!
That escalated quickly.  
Sleeping and then I wake up with a cough attack and now I can't sleep
Then what's your point? It seems to be that his plan to attack the march was…  
.  wanted  , a former member of Trump's transition team, to release his memo to weaken the investi… 
inDaubney: 5. The point is, this constant media barrage has an affect. We are in a constant attack phase on masculinity, and many y… 
PHOTOS: Single Kurdish YPG attack kills at least 5 Turkish soldiers in Syria's Afrin Syria  Afrin  YPG
Egypt, Israel are secretly fighting against ISIS together - New York Post   
panic attack
IRAN Fair Trial is a  HumanRight granted to every human under  's  ICCPR &amp;  Iran signed &amp; ratified  ICCPR on April 04, 1… 
TwitterBestFandom  TeamEXO  SoompiAwards   Hea  attack
Why Gaza needs UNRWA    Islamic
How low can they go...  
When you think of the Prophet (peace be upon him) what's the FIRST thing that pops into your head?
“Now it’s the Islamic government that fears women
Israelis target ISIS fighters in Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact - Washington Post  
ownsend7: The Real  WarOnWomen  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
and yet nobody has been arrested.
We're at Manchester Limmud today!!   come along and say hi - we're here all day in main foyer 🇮🇱🇵🇸…  
SHOCKING!
Good Point - the rise of the Sturmabteilung - Brown Shi s  
New post (Best hea  touching Story In Urdu 2017 | Islamic Videos | Amazing Speech By Online Teacher) has been publ…  
welcome... dy before yesterday, dhananjay bhosale nearly gave me hea  attack by saying hes knows me.... i wonder how!! 
I don't think that self identification is going to be the last paper-thin barrier that stops a sexu…  
That’s not how it looks from the outside.  Civil servants may not…
Yeah John McCain. There are photos of you with ISIS. When do you go to Guantanamo?
airstrikes killed one senior  ISIS leader in Syria in November 2017, and another in December...   
A military convoy of the  FSA heads from  Idlib to  Turkish_territory to pa icipate in the  olive_branch  
Very well said Jack. I live in these areas (east London) and I can confirm that everything you say in this clip is cor…
alp gyaan bahut khatarnak. he spoke about satanic verses, he pointed that there idol worship in mec…   
posts chess move WHITE WINS - signals ASSANGE escapes with Ecuadorian Diplomatic Passpo  w Travel Immunity YouTube Here: M…
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere th…  
I mentioned terrorists coz you people seem to be of the idea that sinners should ha…
India:  Muslims slit Hindu’s throat for dating a Muslim woman  
super fans and bandmates lets sta  d fight....attack!
What about love jihad and gharwapsi tell me?
Yes, only No herns are sitting for security meetings are you surprised Nigeria is having terrible security problems. 
Herdsmen Attack:
ial   Mind you that don’t say much
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is Musli…  
Italy drive-by attack targets immigrants in Macerata  
These are the world's greatest guard and attack creatures of all history.
The only thug was the guy in the White Shi . Live video footage here   And where after the murder…
U chose darkness, things of darkness will U gets..King of terrorism Rick Perry/Abbott be truthful to urselves;DID U…   
Pakistan is Passing through difficult times due to Afghan issue and Trump allegations still the ruling pa y is busy to dest…
Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack  
Make way for another  WonderWoman:  Israeli actress Shiri Maimon is headed to  Broadway:   via    Israel
They called black attack
teens having sex trailer islamic girls sex photos  
I have a similar question  ; what do terror attacks, honour killing, child marriage, grooming gangs, FGM, sharia… 
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…   J3BymfU8
German spy chief alleges No h Korea uses Berlin embassy for procurement    LONDON  iran  egypt
Will Prithvi be able to save Malwa from the unexpected attack?
Islamic Republic of Iran arrests 29 women for appearing in public without hijab  
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is Musli…  
humans are evolving back into monkeys  
Mercanaries of  Turkey in  AfrinOP Jihadist scums and criminals.  
I LOVE MY GIRLFRIEND  
Hindutva terrorists publish a long list of inter-community marriages and urge Hindus to kill the husbands of these…  
isis love anal nicole richie pussy  
Use your common sence....sick secular...if criminals -goons -terrorists get killed then only common civ…  
No u won't. How can it be alright to attack a sitting President. This needs to be delt with.
As our  tea does not get bitter even and tastes even better after very long steeping, we love to put it in a tea fi…   
Link is also working for me. Although I can't read the la…  
OMG I have no words for this - you are beautiful to me &amp; so brave💕 just seems our western world women activists cho…  
Kevin Benitez is a strong and physical central midfielder who is comfo able guiding the attack but can also get the flow go…
Rheumatoid  a hritis (RA) is a disorder in which the body's own immune system sta s to attack body tissues.
No hampton council running out of funds?
ial   Mind you that don’t say much, he has more than most people have on their heads. Looks like he’s… 
He stabbed America's friends in the back while holding them out in front at the UN. Told a Russian he'd be more fle…  
It's a panic attack, that's all. 
Julie is the consummate LNP vi ue signaler. If you thought Turnbull's Iftar dinner was bad…
And it's Eve on now, on the counter attack 
Trump Whiteness And The Muslim Community - Shared from   [   Muslim  
PakArmy - Sepoy Nadeem Jutt of village Dhiran in Kot Ghulam Muhammad, District Mirpur Khas,  Sindh is among the ma…   
Must Read Thread.  
doubt they can do a double to us,but still that defence needs to be serious today,I trust our attack 
GwadarExpo18 was another failed attempt by  Pakistan to colonize Balochistan. Everyone including  China should be clear…
We lost 11 brave soldiers today at  Swat We must not leave a single TTP Khwarij alive. Terrorism has to be finished at all…
If terrorists do not leave Ankara,  troops will move into the city - the rest of the world 
The India attack was too much for SA to handle
Human Rights are not defended by   where Human Rights Council,  , wh…   
The continued expansion of our data sharing network at  . Building a powerful global intelligence hub to fight cr…
Retweeted  Terrorist  Pakistan ( ):
From one pilot to another- I’m currently drinking a ‘White Russian’ in honour of the Russian pilot, murdered in his…   
Despite going down to  ,   won't back down from his philosophy to attack. 
Today the  Daraa Governorate distributed  Humanitarian aid provided by  Russia along with Free Medical consultations t…
A man who was involved with neo-Nazi groups and who attended a   Unite the Right   rally in Charlottesville has been charged with te… 
University of Central Florida:  Muslim student tries to get another student expelled for refusing to wear hijab  
Some thoughts on terrorism, radicalisation, mental health and the psychiatric profession    
Bankers' pa icipation in demotization was unparallelled. They fought this mammoth battle against use of illicit and counterfei…
While these types of packages are intercepted regularly  Israel STILL supplies  Gaza with tons and tons of truckloads of eq…
world: Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says the US and Turkey are in a delicate period because the two countries hold diff…
Killer herdsmen not terrorists  - Presidency. 
No, his misunderstanding. Not mine. 
TwitterBestFandom      TeamEXO   PROMISE EXO  hea  attack
The Qur'aan came down to be applied and followed, not just read and learnt.  - Shaikh ibn Baz  Muslims  Islam  Life htt… 
Citizens of Paris will mobilize on March 4th 2018 :  FreeSyria people of  Syria must get rid of  Assad guilty of crimes !! htt…
Kurdish telecom company concerned over Baghdad order to cut landlines
You can call Brumby a bigot, a troll, a fundamentalist or anything you like, but you can not ignore his markers. This pa icula… 
EXCLUSIVE: Pak security forces have targeted TTP hideouts in precise shelling in Kunar , Afghanistan , action sta ed 9am to… 
Cop Arrested For  Attack On 2 Near Delhi, Police Say Personal Enmity   
World Cancer Day reminds me that with all the new achievements, the battle is not over until we beat cancer. 
EMP Attack Threat Is Real  Bo Hudson  gear  
The real fight is the war on  Freedom &amp; not the war on  Terror - Govt's use terror to trick you  
sent 260 doctors, nurses &amp; personnel trained in finding disaster victims to  Nepal after the major…   
i literally just had a panic attack thinking about being at OU again lmao
SITUATIONAL AWARENESS:  ‘Somali Terrorists’ May Attack Super Bowl   via Zaq
Examples of Islamic geometry
Indonesia's mainstream pa ies won't risk Islamic backlash over laws to criminalize gay, unmarried sex   
Set 4
under your watch the Chibok girls took place, t… 
A huge miscalculation by KSA and UAE. The rest of the world looked on incredulously at the accusatio…  
Canada:  Muslims In Calgary website features Holocaust denial a icle written by KKK leader David Duke  
Nothing to do with Islam?'; Get your copy today.  Muslim  tcot 
Attack on Pearl Harbor 1941    WW2  warfare  history
He just fits wengers footballing philosophy much better, hence why the team always looked better with S…   
3:20 Now  Asr Prayer Time for   Pakistan  Islamabad
Attack on Pearl Harbor 1941    WW2  warfare  history
SENATE ELECTION
♞  30daysta up:   Israelis target ISIS fighters in Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism…  
it is but lumping then with extremism of terrorists will only help the culprits get away.
I liked a   video   An Eagle Attack Cat
: ...can you guys take Kelantan and secede already?  
Terrorists inside  Idlib: 'The  Russia/n Pilot didn't want to be captured alive so he threw a hand grenade at us and fired…
Quick &amp; agile, Bashir Jelani gets to most 50/50 balls &amp; is fearless taking on defenders to get his head to it. Equally letha… 
Dad Who Tried To Attack Nassar Is Now Getting Thousands Of Dollars In Donations [VIDEO]    
The absurd, pompous, posturing, Mr SuperInjunction, schooled by Chomsky, Andrew  Marr. (To   marr   is to spoil)   
Guardian Afrin offensive: seven Turkish soldiers die in Syria    Syria
LiveKhabar365  Syrian rebels shot down a  Russian warplane and killed its pilot on the ground after he ejected fro…  
Lawyer, who had 20 AAP MLAs disqualified, faces  SocialMedia embarrassment for past tweets targetting Islam, women…   
Murder of Kriss Donald - Was perpetrated by Muslims in Scotland long before illegal immigration began in earnest. T…  
Gaza Norwegian parliamentarian nominates BDS for Nobel prize  Pnn  
SYRIA: Just in past few hours:
$917 robodebt
Issue is much bigger than that of chemical weapons. There r daily attacks on civilians &amp; residential areas by airstrike… 
Denting the  Security of the people of the UK is madness!  We are a key player in Europol. Leaving without plans in pla…
Josh Connor is UTTERLY disgraceful and   should take actio…   6ij5
Breaking Jaish al-Nasr releases clearer footage of the shooting down of a Russian jet over Idlib  Syria  
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is Musli…
Iran
Israelis target ISIS fighters in Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact - Washington Post  
How to Pronounce Chinese Exclusion Punch ↺ ❤    Chinese  guts  overlooking  OK  jog…  
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for terrorist attack   via TOIWorld   
This is reason of checkpoints  Gaza. When will  Hamas provide medical care for Gazans instead of provoking war and suppor…
y1: Is The Government of Canada Creating a Public safety threat ?  
UK:  Muslim teens repeatedly rape woman at gunpoint in her own home and behind a mosque  
Talaq :Most misunderstood and abused dimension of Islamic law of Marriage and Divorce. Impo ant to understand true co…
super fans and bandmates lets sta  d fight....attack!
Isis killed biggie
President Erdoğan: “Do you see how the terrorists who until yesterday challenged this nation by trusting in powers which…
Syria: There is No  FSA, There is Only Al-Qaeda   via   
ownsend7: Islam: The Conve  Conundrum  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
Islam, its a death cult 
The   Intelligence   of America needs a serious overhaul. Under Bush they had WMDs. Under Obama,…   
Secular HINDUS need th…  
The Greatest Knowledge Based Benefit for a Talibul-Ilm from Shaykh-ul-Islam Muhammad ibn Abdul-Wahaab - Dr Mu aza.…  
And they tell us that Islam is a religion of peace. Don't TELL us. SHOW us how peaceful Islam is.
11bps Rightly said. Bankers pa icipation in each scheme implementation with tooth and nail is great. We only want our wage r…
The Special Rappo eurs need to take this matter as an urgent issue, collectively and individually. They must call on t… 
😂😂😂 2 drama Kings, those Two need to bounce ASAP  Bbnaija   
Can I just say how much I appreciate my boyfriend suppo ing me and my mental health. I just had a major anxiety attack for…
Please join us to suppo  boycott of  Israel ◢◤
ISIS was given free passage by regime of assad to relocate from Hama to Idlib.
SITUATIONAL AWARENESS:  ‘Somali Terrorists’ May Attack Super Bowl   via Zaq
Heaven forbid we should criticise civil servants.  
Why it would damage the pa y ? Molana Sami Ul Haq is a respected personality of KPK. TTP factions were…
Example of the Medical standard in  Pakistan. Avoid these doctors at any cost.  
1. I can give names triple this amount tht have been targeted over the yrs.
Yesterday it was Benue today it is Taraba. The Fulani terrorists are indulging in a bloodfest of gargantuan propo ions whilst…
Vishen's attack against Milo wasn't relevant at all.
Isis arms traced back to America and Saudi Arabia  
Sunday 4 Feb 2018 12 noon to 2pm I shall be on Facebook Live to discuss Triple Talaq, most abused and misunderstood di… 
CLOWN ATTACK PRANK AT CLAW MACHINE!  CÂMERASESCONDIDASPROGRAMASILVIOSANTOS  EXTREME  HORROR  KILLERCLOWN  SCARE…  
New  android  app: Multiplayer arena battle Pixelmon: Go attack now  
Colleges
They take their inspiration from Antifa in…  
German cou  bans outdoor  Muslim call to prayer  
Played right in to Mogg and cos hands. Huge own goal BUT our democracy under attack.…  
first day of school in less than 12 hrs I'm having a mini panic attack    TeamGOT7  TwitterBestFandom
we have long missed a player that always injects pace in our team.
without any reasons? bull.............  Israel
Wish  AnkitSaxena were alive today. Here is litmus test for all to test whether someone is really innocent or pretending to…
the final chorus in hea  attack  
Meanwhile the  US   backed rebels   shoot down a  Russian plane in  Syria where the  USA is Illegally occupying but idiots are… 
ation:  BREAKING  Israel: refugees handed dep ation notices told they are going to  Uganda or  Rwanda.    …
s Whilst I don't condone the abuse you've had, I think it's be…   
Oh my god once Again suicider Aatackers hit our soldeirs we r victim of terrorism when we w…  
PakArmy - Sepoy Nadeem Jutt of village Dhiran in Kot Ghulam Muhammad, District Mirpur Khas,  Sindh is among the ma yrs… 
Hindu Terrorism at its peak.
Dr Ambedkar on Islam.   by  TVMohandasPai via    
Moscow is under snow storm attack  
Trump cuts taxes - Dems say RESIST
Thus is insane. They've shared links of profiles of the couples and exposed them to danger.  
kidnapped
HEA  ATTACK
What can three unarmed kids to do prevent the terrorist attack?  
ari: “Shocking repo ” explores the number of Tunisian ISIS members in Libya  
“‘Send in troops’: Calls to protect UK drivers from  Muslim migrant violence in Calais  
Dad Who Tried To Attack Nassar Is Now Getting Thousands Of Dollars In Donations [VIDEO]    
In kingdom 2115 I am going to attack Ki! 5:21:00 AM
Great Man My Best Leader Of pakistan Sir You are great We all are with you  
Famine, wars, potential nuclear attack, stripping environmental rights, and now this..   
Fighting many obstacles, Noura Fatairji becomes the first  Saudiwoman veterinarian —    SaudiArabia 
Remaining 53%/48% know Taqiyya better   h1
Why  Iran|ian women are protesting now against the hijab    
sir, The world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and I…   
Set 4
:  RDP Possible RDP attack from 188.93.221.155  
Lauren Booth (Tony Blair's sister-in-law) embraces Islam  
What kind of bizarre messed up  place do we live in.  
FIFA World Cup Trophy arrives in Lahore, Pakistan  FIFA  WorldCup  Pakistan   
So trump was good with law enforcement   roughing up people when they arrest them   but he has a problem with… 
Real Madrid has merely 2 out of the 21 goals scored against it from a counter-attack, according to WhoScored. 
Tues 30 Jan was 'National plan a vacation day' in US, to cut down on unused holidays. I have the opposite problem!…   
*pretends to be shocked*  
The parents of  APS ma yred heading towards Islam Abad to pa icipate  PashtunLongMarch
How  Israel Won a War but Paid a High Moral Price. By  terrorism  ShinBet  justice
Strongly condemn the cowardly suicide attack in an Army Unit at Swat. Salute the brave sons of soil who embraced Ma…  
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for terrorist attack 
FUCK WE'RE UNDER ATTACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sir, The world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mus… 
Wai pepol so fani ah, nawdeys? Toxic and salty, all mixed up together to become a perfect little being. Thus, a can…   
Three Iranian Christians are due to appear before Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Cou  on February 4 to appeal...  
A French Nuclear Attack Submarine &amp; 039;Sunk&amp; 039; a U.S. Navy Aircraft Carrier  
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack   
SHAME ON ALL   POLITICIANS   😡 
Ibn Abbas spent his childhood years in the company of the Prophet (pbuh) assisting him and learning from him. He became a scholar of Islam
Khaama Suicide attack in Swat leaves 11 Pakistani soldiers dead, 13 others wounded    Afghanistan 
End of the road as Zuma faces attack on all sides via His Nkandla Garrison is waiting 4…
What Pakistan has sown the seeds it is taking fruits, they are promoting terrorism in Afghanistan and…   
This morning at 7.20am on Radio 5 Live Nicky Campbell said he would rather his daughter pose naked in a photo shoot like Mylee…
Canadian couple of  Swiss and  Iranian origin donate $60 million to  Arctic Inspiration Prize that suppo  researcher…
Pakistan has successfully test fires air to air missile from JF-17 Thunder.  
it's India not your  Pakistan who bowled out twice under 65 runs in under 19 world cup. Indi…  
Make no mistake ..canada is now officially a joke thanks to justin trudeau  
In Islam the Quran is the central religious text  ep3_M&amp;S  
A French Nuclear Attack Submarine &amp; 039;Sunk&amp; 039; a U.S. Navy Aircraft Carrier    
Active Directory attack could enable malicious domain controller set up  
NOW PLAYING: LANDR-MP304-Hea  Attack Luv (get the KCMIXTAPESRADIO app to listen)  
Uma Thurman details Harvey Weinstein 'attack'    
IDF strikes additional Hamas targets in  Gaza in response to Thursday's rocket fire  IsraelNews  
Ah! See, I didn't get that either. I see what you're saying now. Again though, Cait isn't same as C…   
More evidence! Thank you. I will continue to work ho…  
FrontNews365   thefield_in: WICKET! SA 118-9.Bumran, back into the attack, knocks by Tahir's off-stump. 
naked islamic girl prinsess peach naked  
More sources for you to…  
Russian fighter jet shot down in  Syria -  MiddleEast Monitor:  MiddleEast Monitor Russian fighter jet shot down in…  
News Egypt, Israel are secretly fighting against ISIS together - New York Post 
February 4, 2018 - Fo  Russ News - Paul Antonopoulos AFRIN, Syria - The Turkish Army has announced that five Turki…   
Germany- Coalitioners want to expropriate terrorists with dual citizenships
these non-Muslims spoke Syahadah for the first time when they decided to reve  to Islam and they got really emotio…  
Everytime we reveal the truth, another FUD attack happens. 
: Anthony Ball as his blustering and twisting worst in The Sunday Telegraph launching an attack on The SMH for daring to cri…
Tony Blair's sister-in-law conve s to Islam  
☀️Merriewood: ♂Grovyle 100.0% (15/15/15) 818CP L19 Quick Attack/Leaf Blade until 02:48:36am (27m 22s)  
☀️Merriewood: ♂Grovyle 100.0% (15/15/15) 818CP L19 Quick Attack/Leaf Blade until 02:48:36am (27m 22s)  
☀️Merriewood: ♂Grovyle 100.0% (15/15/15) 818CP L19 Quick Attack/Leaf Blade until 02:48:36am (27m 22s)  
Honk if you love Isis   :0
Humeyni died in 1989 but his evil soul has been resurrected in Erdogan’s soul! Her devirde bir Semsi Tebrizi ruhu y…  
This is legit my favorite one.
Russian fighter jet shot down in  Syria -  MiddleEast Monitor:  MiddleEast Monitor
Attack on JV! (Featured Toy Box) - Disney Infinity:    ディズニーインフィニティ
.  US nukes bringing humankind closer to annihilation
Not today Isis  
Using adve isements to deliver DDoS attack scripts to millions of nodes.  FOSDEM
Khaama Abdullah promises ‘no mercy’ against the terrorists    Afghanistan
India24News24 At  UNSC,  Pakistan has vowed to resist any move that serves interests of a   few   countries…   
Afghanistan publishes “undeniable” proof  Islamic State, Taliban  jihadis trained in Pakistan   
European governments should, like the US and Israël are doing, suppo  the Iranian protests against the  islam. It's the… 
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
bigolive  journalist  expe ise  =  This PR,its a  humanity &amp;  Justice case  thaarjustice   
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Dazzling Gleam (IV: 87% - CP: 627 - L: 35 until 05:50:07am.  
BBC repo s on designation of a  Terror group it previously ignored  
This is a clear agenda ridden attack on one individual where the facts should have killed the story sto…  
isangirl War crimes... like funding &amp; arming so called   Good Terrorists   who promptly joined Al…   
Losing the one fucking stuffed animal(?) you own and having a fucking 12 second panic attack until you find it even…  
TRAITORS? voted to release NUNES PROPAGANDA FBI ATTACK
Over the course of today and yesterday, LBC saw fit to make personal attacks against all  Vegan s,  Vegetarian s, and… 
This Indian team just gonna dominate &amp; dominate in limited overs with this bowling attack.
Maryam Rajavi is the pioneer of the struggle for democratic change in Iran.
Who is going to care of  PlliticalPrisoners in  Iran under murderer  IRGC
an absence of functional knowledge of Islamic law in America’s halls of power is the crux of the immediate problem! Febru…
This is horrific and action needs to be taken.  
Iraq: Global Terrorism and Violations of Justice and Human Rights -  
Are We Allowed To Put Braces in Islam | Mufti Menk Lectures:   via  
Attempt to smuggle  explosive components for long-range projectiles into the  Gaza Strip foiled after the material…  
Russia now firing cruise missiles in response to the pilot being shot down  Syria  
Fake polls: no one can suppo  GHQ Chief Justice: Pak Army is defeated on international forums on ha…  
This is the legacy of blasting “Education in this country is broken” from the rooftops. From only funding “the best…  
In far contrast to  Obama who failed in extending a hand to  Iran's 2009 protests, the  Trump administration has ch…   
Big week ahead. On Monday 10am  's extradition decision. On Tuesday 2pm, at Westminster Magistrates cou , the… 
We'll…
Hujjat al Islam Mirbaqeri The young gentleman
If we all die eventually, it would really be just a tremendous honor to be the first recorded victim of a fatal orca attack in the wild. 
He understands that what we're seeing today with IS is the islamisation of radicalism, rather than the radicalisation of Isla… 
Kremlin”   today delivered precision hospital busting bombs to  Syria “exactly where  ISIS isn’t”  
iranians are fighting back against regime.   PLEASE HELP  makeIranGreatAgain  
bIush   Now explain why the whole generation jammed to Despacito ( including me ). And yet people…  
Nicole Queen: Conve s after seeing Youtube videos on Islam  
Just imagine the uproar if Russia-backed terrorists did this to a US plane/pilot  
Jofra is under attack from MS fans since auction 😂
20  Civilians Killed as  Assad Jets Target Civilians Fleeing Southern  Aleppo
Bowling attack of team india is mind blowing
Sadly nothing much,  Syria  afrin   
My GG recommendations for Dec - early Feb:
Blood of our ma yrs, the sufferings of wounded and tears of our children, women and elderly since 20th o…   
But then he's mates with the openly fascist Traditional Britain Group. So none of this is surprising  
Best counter-attack ever! 🔥  
Game of Drones.  
I was wondering what to do if someone blocked your hit after a hp attack and boy
used MS-13 &amp; Hezbollah to arm ISIS &amp; flood our streets with opioids. Dems will kill as man…   BKX
Al Hayat thinks that not only is war coming to  Gaza, but also the   deal of the century   is in the works with Ramal…   
im going to fight 63% of french people  
urgent call to save the lives of protesters who were arrested past 3 weeks in  Iran
Good to see my friend Prince Harry in London to discuss the work of our foundations &amp; offer condolences to victims of the…
Every Islamic account with no avi: *posts endless pics of people suffering with a quote to enhance their ow…
By saying they never gave   allies   in the region surface to air missiles they admit openly ISIS is an ally. 
Of the suffering of the people of the  Gaza Strip because of the prolonged power outage due to the siege imposed on the secto…
So bcos Islam began in the Arab world doesn't mean that we follow Arabs. We only follow Allah and his messenger....👌👌👌
In case it's not clear yet: Staying perfectly still in Syria means surrendering the initiative to other, unfriendly…   
Attack on  
Mob of cyclists go wrong way to attack drivers    
Attack on Dalits
Ongoing burial service of hundreds of Christians slaughtered by Nigerian Govt sponsored Islamic  FulaniHerdsmen ..... Please…
Democracy under attack. Judges, lords, Civil servants. This is war. 
.  US nukes bringing humankind closer to annihilation
the real problem is that there isn’t a spokesperson to channel the voice of those that think “Enough! S…  
Attack u mother who is for u talk shut up 🤫🤬
Islam says that whoever invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
Bravery in a video clip for a woman in a islamic theocratic country to do this is inviting a whole world of pain to…  
Have brittle asthma, a previous doc got v. Serious w. Me &amp; said if I ignored symptoms it c… 
Tour Item: Mecha-Fiora
These people are under a Turkish/Jihadist attack. Instead of fleeing, they are standing in the streets in protest.…   
European  HRW  Europe  foxnews  =  This PR, its a  humanity &amp;  Justice case  thaarjustice   
NCP chief  SharadPawar says no government has right to interfere in Islamic laws related to talaq which have their origi…
We only have 40 minutes left to vote!!!!
EXPOSED: from video we posted earlier today showing heavily armed Fulani herdsmen waiting for order' to lunch attack,… 
I am muslim and I am proud of  you know why because  Muslims…  
The time they said it was “panic attack” me &amp; pa ner just gaped at them in confusion. I w…
Send him to Gitmo with all the other terrorists...he's Iran's sugar daddy.....
Its the best decision... First cleaning isis pocket in the back before escalating around Saraqib and Hader.
You do understand   lunatic   is another word for mental illness…   
Intellihub repo ed dossier was fake over a year ago, I just don’t get it    SmokeShowOfTheDay 
Now, we would all prefer to have real privacy &amp; never be surveilled, yet, if that cousin unbeknownst to you had bec…   
no - amused to see terrorists running around like headless chicken
Iran’s  Terrorist  Quds Force Admits to Its Destabilizing Role in the Region   via  
Be hilarious if   took this on. I could see someone being blown away in no unce ain terms.  
*pretends to be shocked*  
His relentless hostility and belligerence towards Islam earned him the name Abu Jahal (Father of Ignorance) among t…  
We DID IT ,a historical win, By the Grace of Allah  Pakistan is through to  DavisCup  Asiaoceana group1 semifinals by be… 
Totally patriarchal shit. Blaming women 4 men's actions. As if they have no free will or self control. Many make…
Scores feared dead in Fresh Herdsmen attack in Adamawa
This spot, just outside the present Masah is believed to be the approximate location of the house of Abu Jahal. Abu…   
N.A.T.O's 2nd Army Turkey Is Threatening To Attack Members Of N.A.T.O's 1st Army U.S.A
This is just an eye- wash to hoodwink voters in the fo hcoming elections. The cops will all get promotions, once t…   
P.C. Police theocracy style.  
Shias gave their suppo  for  RamTemple, Sunnis must lend their suppo  too. Every Indian is descendant of Ram.  Hindus &amp;… 
Italy drive-by shootings: Gunman 'targeting black people' opens fire on pedestrians in city of Macerata.  Terrorism  FarRigh…
Sir, The world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
Fun fact: when pa s of your body sta  going numb, it can cause you to have a panic attack. WHY IS MY FACE NUMB. 
Ahhh, this is how a live orquestra sounds during a desperate rebel attack. I loved it.   
Pete ownsend7: Questioning Islam from Ptownsend  Muslim  tcot   
Pete ownsend7: Nothing to do with Islam?'; Get your copy today.  Muslim  tcot 
I join IPOB in condemning  ,   and   for turning a blind eye to the genocide and ethnic cleansing that the… 
They have been shooting the civilians and refugees regularly in the past years. But ISIS were…  
utterly embarrassing. making up fake threats to increase spend on defence. Why the hell would scotla…  
Afrin offensive: seven Turkish soldiers die in Syria  
Only in  Iran judge sets bail but when it's met refuses to release detainee. He says: If I wanted to release them I woul…
The issue of  Kashmir is a problem of humanity, human rights, and freedom. 
Two Millions of people In  Gaza Strip are human and has rights .
ownsend7: Nothing to do with Islam?'; Get your copy today.  Muslim  tcot 
Sir, The world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
You’re right: it’s the job of the Leader of the Opposition just to politely nod through all this Hard Brexit stuff. http…
first day of school in less than 12 hrs I'm having a mini panic attack    TeamGOT7  TwitterBestFandom
Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack    
Its time for  Pakistan to raise its voice on all international forums to break  IndiansAndTerroristNexus in  Afghanistan ot…
The way the lefties always reason.  
Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack    HealthInsurance,  HealthQuotes,  HealthCare  health 
Liverpool Maya Bar attack: Three quizzed over murder    HealthInsurance,  HealthQuotes,  HealthCare  health 
You sent soldiers to kill over 1,000 Shiite Muslims because you  are a Sunni Muslim, Allah is watching... 
Iranian Americans and their friends, are holding a picket line at the  , calling   in  Iran, and urg… 
IdahoHoneyPot: Shields UP!!  Telnet incoming Telnet attack from 179.110.201.31  
er: Utter disgrace. No wonder the jihadist is smiling    
Who is going to care of  PlliticalPrisoners in  Iran under murderer  IRGC
⚡️ “ DoumaSuffocating Take a picture of yourself cover your mouth ... ” by    Syria
Trump's attack on the FBI has been assisted and heavily promoted by Rupe  Murdoch's Fox News. They've pushed Trump's anti…
Afghanistan publishes “undeniable” proof  Islamic State, Taliban  jihadis trained in Pakistan   
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
These guys should sta  working in big data analytics  
Dear Prime Minister    you lost the argument the moment you decide to reintegrate ISIS fighter co…
There's this herd mentality I noticed on here
A Brief History of the People’s Mojahedin Organization of  Iran ( Pmoi/Mek)   via   https:/…
I've just posted a new blog: Boko Haram: Nigerian army boasts of complete defeat of terrorists…  
Planned Parenthood shooting: America's war on women is domestic terrorism  
🆘🔊🔊 BREAKING NEWS!  Iran major clash between IRGC agents and Protesters:  IranProtests happening in  Ahvaz‼️tune in with @…
Just imagine what Pep, Klopp or Wenger could do with an attack of Lukaku, Ma ial, Mata, Rashford, Lingard and Sanchez… 
❤️ The messenger of Allah, peace be upon him , said 
This is the first time I’ve cared about Super Bowl Sunday In over a decade. We finally back here. Good morning ever…  
Kuch dair baad Reham Khan will for the Upteenth time play the'Fake victim Card' again,yeh dekho mujhay attack kar r…   
When you find out that the cousin of a bonefide terrorist lives in Arlington, Texas you naturally hope that she's anti-t… 
Hmmm.  Fakenews or not?
Well, aren’t they?  Isn’t that where “Islam’s Bloody Borders” come from. 
Evidence of 23mm AA Gun use by  Turkey backed Jaysh al-Nasr moderate Jihadists after  Qatar backed &amp;  AlQaeda affiliated…
Allowing Islam to take over our country is going to cause civil war in the near future and England will be a war zone…
Oxford professor of  Islamic studies    TariqRamadan charged in  France with multiple  Rapes  
PHOTOS: Single Kurdish YPG attack kills at least 5 Turkish soldiers in Syria's Afrin...  
Afghanistan gives us a masterclass in resilience every single day  Afghan_women…
Fuck you prime time  
9 - DaniJayNel - Shingeki no Kyojin | Attack on Titan [Archive of Our Own] - Chapters: 1/? Fandom:...  
Nope - we don't leave the battlefield. We don't…
Most of the  Iranian  DVlottery  selectees have been told by the officers:   You don't have any problem, but you cant get a V… 
Amazing Explanation of  Shirk -   -  ramadan  islam  
anyone other than joe. he gave a speech last night, showing that he does care about mental health. yet people still…   
Yemeni army inflicts heavy losses on Houthi terrorists in Taiz  
Is the cruel shameless army of Pakistan sta ing another operation in  Swat  Pakistan
The worst things about Blairites are those who have weaponised antisemitism to attack the Left; those who oppose the Le…
Human Rights are not defended by   where Human Rights Council is run b…  
And therein lies our problem. Official social studies textbooks claim that English, Christianity and 'formal' education are a… 
HEA  ATTACK
onSam: Valencia's Nou Mestalla. Abandoned as an eyesore and drain on the city.
These people are under a Turkish/Jihadist attack. Instead of fleeing, they are standing in the streets in protest. 
Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack    
Honest, descriptive, lyrical reflections on Nigeria: The Niger Delta remains restive while Boko Haram insurgents, desp… 
BBC  CNN &amp; Al Jazeera are hoping and waiting for another  war to break out in Nigeria before they will sta  to... https:/…
This is so scary and shocking. The lives of all these guys are in danger now. Who will protect…  
Let’s  fight against  Cancer &amp; join together to create awareness. Together we live stronger &amp; fight stronger.  WorldCancerDay  W…
i hate how ill be having a good day and then old fears and memories surface and instantly ill be back where i was year…
On what planet is this any of your business?  
eddy    …
Sepoy Nadeem Jutt, from village Dhiran in Kot Ghulam Muhammad, District Mirpur Khas, Sindh was ma yred in the suicide attack c… 
h1 Sharad Pawar is one.
renjuns best hairstyle? there’s a correct answer to this don’t let me down — ok don’t attack me but i love his blon…  
Lawyer, who had 20 AAP MLAs disqualified, faces  SocialMedia embarrassment for past tweets targetting Islam, women…   
REAL JOURNALISM is DEAD (if there's ever been one that is)! Nowadays media just chooses which people to at…  
Police arrested those who attacked Kashmiri students. Next time, don't give gallantry medal to Kashmiri terrorists &amp; ston… 
s: One has to think that Hadi Abdullah and Moaz Alshami were also on the spot when the supposed…
Katie Hopkins in South Africa: Farmer's son traumatized by deadly attack   GG via  
'Turnbull is scared - his face says so - scared people only  attack someone doing better in polls than them'
What a performance by   to take a 5-fer and   too..This is lowest ever score at Super spo  P…  
Human Rights?
I see   has struck a chord with right wing racists and Islam haters. They…  
God who turned the counsel of Ahitophel to foolishness will turn Islamic Jihadists and evil plotters at the corridor of power to naught.
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Dazzling Gleam (IV: 96% - CP: 322 - L: 16 until 06:18:50am.  
Dear  WomensMarch2018  please organize another march to protest the arrest of these women!

Maybe oppose Brexit then?  
Tehran,  Iran 
Activists Try to Recall Judge in Stanford Sex Attack Case. Some Say They’ve Gone Too Far. -…  
Amazing bowling Attack Team india especially wrist Twin's  Chahal nd kuldip Yadav. Really bowled well👍...It is very…  
s   s_   Hi  =  This PR, it’s a  humanity &amp;  Jus… 
Labour pa y today:
Muslims  Hindu Curious:Hinduisns basic guide-soul resides inside body &amp; advanced teaching-U reside in a body vessel  
His smile oh my god.. i'm hea  attack!  TeamGOT7  TwitterBestFandom
Illinois GOP Rep. Under Fire For Ad Mocking Transgender Community, Feminists   
For anybody wondering why the Final Explosion didn't do more damage to the World of Void, thats because the attack…   
Someone on this program made a mention of my handle. I’m not sure I heard him clearly but did he say that I made a gofundme an…
No collusion? 99% of Congress, which by the way for your dumb ass, includes the corrupt GOP, voted for san… 
Psalm 11:3
11 Soldiers Dead, 13 Wounded In Suicide Attack In Pakistan's Swat Valley 
Amazing Explanation of  Shirk -   -  ramadan  islam  
Suicide Bombing is not from Islam Messenger of Allah
Egypt- full Jund al-Islam video released, essentially a 15~min. interview with alleged  ISIS Wilayat  Sinai member talking… 
The   Show on  !!
you should add, the thug who attempted to punch the protesters! Almost 250   peers in the Ho…   
Second NIA chargesheet against terrorists who attackede Adivasi Community in Assam's Shantipur  
I believe you are 100% Correct on this point Anne Marie but Brexit i…  
s: For the first time tests link the Syrian government’s chemical weapons stockpile to the largest sarin nerve agent attack…
Nigeria hands over anglophone separatist leader Sisiku Ayuk Tabe, 46 suppo ers to  Cameroon, Biya’s govt calls them ter… 
Hea  attack
News Ale  🚨! 🚨! 🚨!
This is horrific and action needs to be taken.  
Obama &amp; his fake news peddlers downplayed Benghazi, ISIS &amp; nuke gifting money for Iran. So of course Lester Holt wi…   
Only Hindus thought that the Deva-Asura sangram is over and sta ed relaxing.
realism*  
sometimes people make you scared that makes you feel like you had a Hea  Attack.  TeamEXO  TwitterBestFandom   SoompiAwards  
The East Turkestan Islamic Movement | Israel Defense  
-The attack couldn't disappear. Nothing happened.-
ISRAEL: NYT repo s Israel
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
High tension along Pokot-Marakwet border. Residents flee homes after bandits attack villages  CitizenLiveAt1  
_Man    …  
Fired worker who sent false Hawaii missile ale  was 'devastated,' but '100% sure' attack was real 
10000 Rls before Islamic Republic = $143
Pakistan has successfully test fires air to air missile from JF-17 Thunder.  
.  strongly condemned the terrorist attack in Swat, Pakistan. 
Iran regime's Friday prayers leader in Tehran Ahmad Khatami brazenly calls for execution of ppl who take pa  in  IranPro…
I’m not in hospital because I was assaulted at work  sexworkiswork I’m in hospital because of the assault at Box Hi…  
At the Alchemist brunch, and a lot of families are here. I am looking around scared coz Mr. You should be at home might com… 
Nuno had a dream, to build a football team, Chinese owners and a wonder kid from po o. 5 at the back, pace in atta…   
Corbyn invites attack and deserves to be attacked. He and his followers are the u…  
We live in England so they will go by English law don’t like it then piss off  
The 29-year-old was on a night out with his girlfriend in Liverpool city centre when he was attacked this morning.  
Lmaoooo me today  
Muslims marrying hindus &amp; conve ing them into Islam &amp; if hindus refuse then they r killed, whereas hin…   
Opening fire at protesters, mass arrests, arbitrary to ure and  executions are a clear indication of the crime against hu… 
Pakistan to join SCO Joint Counter Terrorism Military Exercise 2018 in  Russia via  
Hujjat al Islam Fawadiyan Fighting the tyranny
Well, you know that as pa  of the globalist agenda, Obama wanted to spread terrorism rather than abate…   
you dont get to tell people not to draw crosses just because you're muslim &amp; you cant appreciate their a work   to…   
Watch what kind of jihadist song  Turkey-backed  jihadists sing during  AfrinOp. These  terrorists are backed by a  …
Any Muslim who displays bad manners such as swearing or lying is either a hypocrite pretending to be a Muslim or a ver…
The parents of  APS ma yrs are  heading towards Islam Abad to pa icipate  PashtunLongMarch
Iran rgm fears PMOI ( MEK) &amp;  IranProtests will bring downfall. Mullah Ahmad Khatami, V. Chair of Assembly of Expe s &amp; F… 
US is watching countries helping terrorists obtain  nuclear weapons  Spain  Canada  usa
U.S. says  Syria is moving to conceal  chemicalweapons use amid rise in attacks   via  
Media: Ankit's murder is a case of Honor killing and not Communal killing
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Dazzling Gleam (IV: 89% - CP: 507 - L: 26 until 05:53:04am.  
Gwadar Po 's Free Zone in SW Pakistan is inaugurated by PM  ShahidKhaqanAbbasi,  helping facilitate regional and global… 
I get so annoyed with people saying 'eXpresso' I use it as my dog's attack command
@ _com The  Pentagon couldn’t lie straight in bed. If it wasn’t them then it was the greatest  Terrorist group on…  
BlackpoolRocks  Amnesty  HRW  =  This PR, it’s a  humanity &amp;  Justice case  thaarjustice   
5  Turkish  soldiers  who  fight  for  the  safety  of  his  state  died  by  rhe  anti  tank  gun  th…  
The criminal IRGC commander Hossein Rahimi (head of Greater Tehran police) announced the launch of  Iran regime's suppress…
infosec  cybercrime   Why the  IOT DDOS attack was significant! by   on   
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
Yuzvendra Chahal &amp; Kuldeep Yadav.. Brilliant stuff from these duo spin attack..  INDvSA
Iran
IdahoHoneyPot: Shields UP!!  SNMP incoming SNMP attack from 185.94.111.1  
Rees-Mogg is Trumpism in action. Opposition is met not with debate, but by attacking reason, evidence, and the inst…   
The Music Is On !
Only one word to this man Nnamdi kanu, a hero and seer  … 
Confirmed now, the  RuAF's Su-25SM with RF-96486 s/n piloted by Filippov Roman Nikolaevich is shot-down by MANPADS of Ja… 
Tues 30 Jan was 'National plan a vacation day' in US, to cut down on unused holidays. I have the opposite problem!…   
I will never watch that video ever again. NCT WHY U GOTTA ATTACK ME WITH YOUR COLLARBONES MYGHAD AKONG WEAKNESS
Maryam Rajavi accompanied by a number of PACE members, Strasbourg, January 24, 2018 
About time many more learned some Islamic modern History they hid from you in History class, A site that wil…   
Tehran,  Iran 
got another anxiety attack, I'm still shaking 😐 
Not4men Me too, save   side terrorist enjoying lakhs of Briyani and other side… 
- i was having an anxiety attack
hea  attack  TwitterBestFandom  TeamEXO    PROMISE EXO
FAKE NEWS
Allscripts sued over ransomware attack, accused of 'wanton' disregard    mindawilson  … 
Whats imperfect is completely subjective and is influenced by the desire of the individual. Th…  
World Cancer Day reminds me that with all the new achievements, the battle is not over until we beat cancer. 
Maryam Rajavi at an official UEL meeting: Europe must condition its relations with the Iranian regime on freedom of arre…
Syrie: pour ne pas oublier...  Syria: for not to forget...  
OperationOliveBranch
Ise kehete hain hindu, and this is called secluar, if this has happened to a muslim guy then you could have told Hindu terrorism 
Please accept my condolences on the loss to  Russia of the pilot over Idlib. Many of us all over t…  
C'mon EXO-Ls We Can Do It .... HASHTAG ATTACK!!!
In far contrast to  Obama who failed in extending a hand to  Iran's 2009 protests, the  Trump administration has ch…   
.  is no place for Boroujerdi w/t 4-decade role in terror &amp; suppression in  Iran. He should be arrested/tried f…
PAMAOL ATTACK ! :(
Iranian Canadians in  Toronto held rally to suppo   IranUprising   &amp;calling for  FreeAllProtesters 
At  UNSC,  Pakistan has vowed to resist any move that serves interests of a   few   countries 

…
Arms and the man: The hidden cost of war:Iraq has a long history of conflict, from the 1980-1988 war with its neigh…   
Syria war: Turkey suffers its deadliest day in Afrin offensive: Turkey says the YPG is an offshoot of the outlawed…  
Kurdish militia kills seven Turkish soldiers in Syria; Turkey carries out air strikes in retaliation: Ankara: Seven…  
1 - Yes, plenty of things. But when populist movements attack every institution of government that…   
In Turkey, soaring suppo  for Syrian offensive and rising anti-Americanism: The Syrian Kurdish militia, called the…   
lol, patriarchal but not misogynistic, this is the spiciest take of february   
Voice of Islam 1st Annual Conference is well under way.
Hardware wallet manufacturer Ledger, which sold over one million devices last year, has ale ed its users to a majo…   
If you believe our twisted judiciary, Darren Osbourne’s stupid Finsbury attack is equivalent to the 7/11 attacks. Repo … 
Official: Maldives Supreme Cou  Seeks to Oust President: ... centers on tiny, densely populated Male, the base of…   
Israelis target ISIS fighters in Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact - Washington Post  
This music will heal you Panic Attack Relief (Panic Attack Treatment With Alpha Isochronic Tones and Beach Environm…  
Afrin offensive: seven Turkish soldiers die in Syria    
We only have 40 minutes left to vote!!!!
Boko Haram: Nigerian army boasts of complete defeat of terrorists  
is a muslim, as IS terrorists are. 
abhi kal h india mein ek muslim family ne ek hindu ladke ko mar dala ....kon terrori…  
Egypt, Israel are secretly fighting against ISIS together - New York Post 
Egypt, Israel are secretly fighting against ISIS together - New York Post 
The best and final weapon by PMLN is character assassination...they use this…  
ic02 Yes whenever a criminal is muslim, we should not make it communal issue. And…   
🎉 BREAKING: Multiple terrorists wounded in brand new terror tunnel collapse on the Gaza-Egypt border.  
Turkey lost 7 soldiers today during the operations against YPG in Afrin, including an attack by the militants to a…   
Actress Uma Thurman, who is indelibly linked to Harvey Weinstein's Miramax studio thanks to her iconic roles in   Pu…   
Gas stations in  Iran announcing fuel will only be provided if payed in cash. Credit cards no longer accepted. Activists…
JRM is continuing Gove's ideological war against the expe s  Marr  RegressiveTactics  BackToTheMiddleAges  
PHOTOS: Single Kurdish YPG attack kills at least 5 Turkish soldiers in Syria's Afrin Syria  Afrin  YPG
Nike by Mufidul Islam Tapadar / Daily inspiration, follow us and get inspired.  dailydesign  dailyui  websites…   
But why were 'Ace In The Hole'  Breitba  there   ? Repo ing the news, or helping to…   
Pakistan to join SCO Joint Counter Terrorism Military Exercise 2018 in  Russia via  
SLAYER We warned him, we didn’t attack. 
Footage of clashes on no hern Syria's Mount Bursaya between PYD/PKK terrorists:   via  
Russia must find out where  Syria militants got MANPADS that downed Su-25 – MPs:
Fulani herdsmen Attack Village In Benue State, Kill Policeman And Others (Photos)   
Terror and the Far Right attack Post-Brexit Europe...
It's been a nasty and evil 5 year journey since my attack and subsequent abuse and to ure by US Military with HAARP El…
What is Jihad? smiling in the Tough moment is Jihad.
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for terrorist attack   via TOIWorld…   
“Nobody ever defended anything successfully, there is only attack and attack and attack some more.” 
Abdullah promises ‘no mercy’ against the terrorists  
Islam says that whoever invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
Irony...India has given two countries to Islamic people..Pakistan and Bangladesh wher…  
Britain becoming Great again? Not if we have no defence/attack forces we won’t. May/ Hammond need to increas…  
The sanctimonious blathering of the most corrupt politician since crooked Hillary, will not quell patriots. 
I hate TJ but you are saying he was saved by the bell. Why did you attack right at the end tho? Cause you didnt want to risk!
Israelis target ISIS fighters in Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact - Washington Post  
Happy  IndependenceDay  SriLanka! 🇱🇰Wishing this wonderful nation all the best. And wishing to myself I'll be able to v…
Impo ant statement from the coalition  think  Afrin  
While attacking the Kurds, the FSA captured the armory of the US-made MANPAD air defense missile. US ballistic miss…   
If the BBC is going to continue its Brexit fear mongering who better than the mouthpiece of IRA terr…
Better identify the places where terrorists are hiding in Pakistan. The world should suppo  those who are fighting again…
Sanandaj, W  Iran 
Police  hunting for suspect after knife attack on man at Great Yarmouth's Britannia Pier - Norfolk Eastern Daily Pr…  
After Australia Day The Left Moves On To Attack ANZAC Day   disgraceful
US Officially Accuses No h Korea Of Massive Cyber Attack  GreatAwakening  
Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack    
Saudi Arabia and UAE should be held physically and materially accountable.....In this way their masters UK&amp;US would…  
Cagri Kanver Er -  Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack    
If you're looking for work in  Israel, check out this  job:    CustomerService  Hiring  CareerArc 
Islam says that whoever invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
Liar, Liar, Liar. The Ottoman  Erdogan invades to occupy and to annex.  Turkey is another  Israel. 
Why after attack ????
Iran
World Cancer Day: Breast Cancer Is Not Spiritual Attack, Okorocha Tells Imo Women   
IDF says accomplice in Havat Gilad terror attack arrested - The Times of Israel  
It's When, Not If: Singapore Worries, And Prepares, For Terror Attack - NDTV   
What a goal  
keep it  
NUFC fans who think   Tommy Robinson sparks the truth   confused how to react to new striker called Islam.   
Our neighboring nation has reso ed to allow movement of terrorists by issuing valid visa to them, as infiltration is now tough af… 
FREE COPY:   BDS Unmasked   
🎉 BREAKING: Multiple terrorists wounded in brand new terror tunnel collapse on the Gaza-Egypt border.  
in: my first hea  attack  
I always wanted to create what this guy made on A  Attack but I never had the supplies lmao  tweetlikethe2000s  
Islam says that whoever invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
Good old JACOB is ok after his attack, shame on the people who did this to a good man. Our next PrImeminister. 
Basically it was an   alternative fact   issue w/ Kelly-Ann Conway or whatever her name is. S…   
Visit my Mosque 18 Feb - 3 London mosques open to visitors - Hyderi Islamic Centre, 10 - 2pm/South London Islamic Cent… 
NowPlaying Massive Attack--Live with Me  SundaySessions
TwitterBestFandom  TeamEXO  SoompiAwards   hea  attack
We must attack the enemy's line of communication. What we want is not more little books about Christianity, but more littl… 
DoubleWahala  Watch how Rico Swavey impersonated Bitto' sleep fa  attack  - the brother can crack a good joke ooo!  
Interfaith marriage must be stopped specially muslim this is the against spirit of peaceful religion islam
Me waiting for the stans to attack but no one came  
Eevee ♂
There are things you can do to stay safe during a gun or knife terror attack: RUN, HIDE, TELL. Don't hang around to ta… 
He is lining for to be Chancellor...  
Islam says that whoever invalidates the prayer of a Muslim touches women
ans: Stavian Allen soars down the lane to attack the rim in  's 76-65 win over Morgan State.
True  Pakistan  PakArmy  
I explained the pain. He responded   ok but you don't have your gallbladder anymore so it can't be that. I know... but-… 
I am a Professional Graphics Designer, Do Flyer, Poster, Banner, Business Card, Brochurer ETC design.…   
To be fair I shared this due to it's contents regarding the a…  
Tag us in your tweet, if you happen to spot one of the many  MessiahHasCome billboards, currently live in London. Take a… 
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…   Pdego
Turkish Invasion Pits Neocons Against Traditional Imperialists. America has made a hash of everything and it is no…  
Here comes the monkey balancing (though tilted heavily towards her own ilk). Bringing in caste into a purely jihadi…  
BREAKING NEWS: (Apparently the Grammys Want to “Attack Gender Bias Head On”)    kexp…  
Hi! Curious Cheese is a premium range of blended cheeses created to be spoonable, spreadable and melt…   
I AM A LITTLE MAN    hawaiian  hiking  wanderlust  travel   DnD  DungeonsAndDragons…  
Lumen Global Jaipur India.... Global Symposium on Hea  Attack Management  
If you're thinking of listening to the recent Russell Brand/Sam Harris podcast for the discussion on Islam, I'd advise ag… 
. nowplaying  SundayMorning Massive Attack - Live With Me
The latest What the Fatah!!   Thanks to    wef18  iran
Or lack of knowledge of their peers who killed their son.
He is Protector of india,as such at Libe y To Attack or Kill any one. 
ISIS - Deconstructing Towers    nowplaying  vinyl  listenlive
Jaden and I were checking out these 2 guys at work and our neighboring shop across from us told them &amp; they were go…  
The hottest cute. -hea  attack-  
Russian Attack Jet Shot Down Over Syria By Rebels, Pilot Dead 
Tremendous effo  from the Indian bowling attack.....
British Imam   to do Periscope and Facebook Live sessions TODAY at 7-pm GMT, inshaAllah. 
Can  Islamicfinance help reduce global income  inequality? Our repo  outlines actions to leverage Islamic Finance…  
Trey Gowdy’s real goal is to convince Congress to get rid of the FISA cou s, which have been use… 
Thousands raised for father who tried to attack paedophile doctor jailed for abusing his three daughters  
Terror: Nothing to do with Islam?  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
Oxford professor charged with raping two women  
Not only is this traumatizing for acid-attack victims, it is messed up bc ITS FREAKING BRICK OUTSIDE U CANT BE THROWING… 
Islam is one cult, with whom no one can co-exist. Quran teaches peacefully kil…   
Emmerdale spoilers: Ross Ba on’s acid attack horror triggers the end for Debbie Dingle?  
Music on Sophisticated Ape Radio Roach Attack by Hunter  Rock  Blues  Jazz  Weird  World  
Syrian rebels shoot down Russian warplane in Idlib, kill pilot; Al-Qaeda claims responsibility for attack…   
15 yr girl injured in Shahpur sector LoC firing by pakistan troops
including 20 wome…  
You forgot to include
Bhuvi, Bumrah, Kuldeep, Chahal - Best ever limited over bowling attack for India. All of them are wicket taking opt…   
The Catholics of Spain, after more than 700 years of fighting to liberate their country from Islamic oppression, underst… 
Never mind the Corbyn-esque framing of Jihadi’s as victims get the ahistorical insinuation promulgated here that in…  
here we can see a rare lilyiffyiff preparing to run over innocent people in the name of ISIS  
Now we people of pak r facing challenges of war cause of wrong policies of dictator general…  
In the current attack, Bumrah, Chahal and Kuldeep all made their name in the IPL. Bhuvi's r…   
He does. But we re discussing this cos we wanted him to attack more than defend…  
Brave women + men continue to protest the theocratic + authoritarian  Iran regime despite facing arrest or worse. I applau…
Lucky he didn't have a hea  attack too. That crap is no good for you.
Greatest mistake was to include Turks into Islam. Though it was a goodwill gesture in becoming to forget all n unif…  
Freeza's status fits pretty well
BLACK  PEOPLE  ILLNESSES
Politics and social themes don't belong in franchise movies.   
This allergy attack just robbed me of my Sunday.
K Brule jumped and hu  himself, most of the housemates went to console him. 
Good Islamic Saying in Urdu  
Fulani terrorists are delegates of Buhari’s evil and useless APC government. Fulani herdsmen and APC government are colludi…
Repo s say  FSA took control of the Hacı Bilal village from  YPG.
The Spectator and Stephen Pollard lose libel suit, apologise to Islam expo for claiming it was anti-Semitic and 'ge…   
Get Authentic Information about Islam  Removing Doubts and Misconceptions, Promoting Mutual Love, Peace and Harmony.. Visit… 
Our Elected Officials continue to HELP the Muslim Brotherhood infiltrate every city &amp; town in America
No matter how many times, I try to kill this video, it just won't die   
Nigeria still denies. Cameroon finally accepts after denying. Yaounde is playing its politics to appeal to Francophone vote…
If true, it explains a lot! I have been saying Islam fits neatly in Revelation as the enemy and that the 'world'...   
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack   
AI could win the next Cold  War  
humFA: 62' | No humberland FA break on the counter attack with Paul Van passing to Dibb-Fuller on the wing - he ball isn't the bes…
When Russia in Afghanistan talban r heroes for Americans &amp; Afghanis now thy R terrorists, Indian rupees an…   
leftists famously love Islamic theocracies
The Ottoman  Erdogan invades to occupy and to annex.  Turkey is another  Israel.
I asse  my right to discuss transgenderism and feminism without fear of attack or disruption ✊  
What is it about these Leftists and Islam? (YES Hitler was on the Left, despite great effo s by the left to repudiate that)… 
February 4, 2018 - Fo  Russ News - Paul Antonopoulos DEIR EZZOR, Syria - More then 38 civilians, including 20 wome…   
Nike by Mufidul Islam Tapadar / Daily inspiration, follow us and get inspired.  dailydesign  dailyui  websites  webdesign  w… 
@ _com I agree with that,,but I know people that lost their lives and also the familie do not beli…   
That is non-governmental independent site suppo ed by journalists, scientists and some of officials…   
Things are no different in Toronto. Obtaining Transpo ation By Fraud is a Criminal Code offence &amp; is 1 of the enforcemen…
Do you stop attacking Liam by saying that he is a racist, do you know him? I do not think so,…   
.  You are ignoring the biggest chemical attack in 21. Century, the  Nazi Germany Hamburg Mosque…   
Wrong. It's a bad presumption. If that's what he thought it was, ask. 
If he is married but hiding from world, that amounts to   zina   according to Islam, any marriage whi…   
Thousands raised for father who tried to attack paedophile doctor jailed for abusing his three daughters  
Yeah, blood that bright doesn't stay like that for long.  No drying/color change around edges. The boys hands tied?…   
Uma Thurman breaks her silence on Harvey Weinstein   attack   
At a superficial level it looks that way. There are 50+ Islami…  
Farzane Majdi – My aunt was arrested in 81 and received a 7 year prison.  But she was never released and was executed…
[TRANS][INSTA] 180202
Those four could be left to attack as they’re so prolific/creative, while the other six outfield playe…   
An absolute coward    
TUNE IN for our FB LIVE on  SaveAarey
* sends a package to   *
leg: Bhuvi, Bumrah, Kuldeep, Chahal - Best ever limited over bowling attack for India. All of them are wicket taking option… 
Turkish soldiers rescued an old woman and man in Belal Aga village in Afrin Syria. USA backed terrorist PKK-SDF lef…  
Tues 30 Jan was 'National plan a vacation day' in US, to cut down on unused holidays. I have the opposite problem!…   
A rat like Hafiz is lethal only for Pove y stricken madrasa educated…  
Good luck with that one wes and also good luck with keeping your name off…  
👆Because all foreign spies, terrorists and subversives ALWAYS need to cozy up with Americans who-… 
This fellow is a well known bigot, his hate-filled posts have been a staple of Sanghi WhatsApp for some time now. Did the m… 
Your coach wont attack against big teams like other teams do you should clea…  
Photo by SaudiArabia  
…
Only in LA for a little over 6 months and still haven’t mastered this yet 😩😩😩😩  
curriculu…
Ynetnews News - Syrian rebels aim to reach ISIS-held Dabiq in 48 hours  
Seeing as the left wing/forward was the only functioning pa  of our attack... how much better are we *…  
But these two items as soon as you can and keep them in your pouch at all times adds about 5% to at…  
Book culture returns to Iraq’s post-jihadist Mosul: Literary cafes, poetry…   UTV Pakistan 
Who benefited most from the rise of  ISIS in  Syria:
Those are American Taxpayer Funded Terrorists trained to sta  WW3 with Russia for the Billionaire Psychopaths. When wil…
Two out of many Afghans who were depo ed back to Afghanistan from Europe have been badly injured in recent suicide attac…
Some can see what is happening. Others should take heed before it is too late. History shows, sadly, too many good people reac… 
In 'Moderate' Islamic country Malasia it's illegal for non muslim men to marry muslim women! They must conve  to Islam fir…
Screw Attack should do an updated Cloud vs Link where they race. Cloud on Fenrir and Link with the Master Cycle Zero
Tarbela 4th Extension Hydropower Project will provide 3840 Giga Watt hours (3.84 billion units of electricity) to t…  
A similar affair happened when massive  cyberattack interrupted &amp; stalled military &amp; civilian infrastructure of Iran. F…
Turncoat: John McCain is a globalist shill, used speech to the elite to attack Trump   via  … 
You heard about Kurdish peoples being attacked by ISIS (just about). But you're not hearing about Kurdish peoples i…  
To reject this inhuman Communist ideology is simply to be a human being. Such a rejection is more than a political…  
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is Muslim terro…  
Italy - Testimony (in  English) from one of the 6 injured (5 men, 1 woman) in yesterday's  terror attack by an Italian neo… 
Canadian Killed in UK Terror attack | 97.3 The Eagle  
Impossible to admit they were wrong, so attack defenceless officials. 
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me H…  
Kanu attack attack attack and mikki will give his best...greet my lovely wife Mrs Dorcas Boadi at Dubai
How could you attack someone's hea  and then smile like nothing happened ε٩(๑&gt;&lt;)۶з  
Haters will say that this is photoshopped and   hasn’t embraced Islam.  
Army wife Isis Love gives her husband a welcome fuck session  
[PatreonMMDR-18]Hea  Attack Sain [Happy Bi hday]:   via  
or maybe we’re trying to get you to see there’s nothing oppressive about putting a scarf on your head so you can stfu w yo…
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is…  
I am a Professional Graphics Designer, Do Flyer, Poster, Banner, Business Card, Brochurer ETC design.…   
.’They haven’t gone away you know’ - the ‘IRA have gone away’ - which do you believe from    on  …
So much  fun spending the afternoon with great  food  friends and  music from  Israel  
Europe holds tight  terror groups  PKK aka  YPG  SDG.Sure BND is in charge  
The side winning the argument aren’t those with the most logical or pragmatic argument. They’re the side that under…  
FSA blame other factions for not fighting against  Assad, while thousands of FSA militants are fighting…   
The American and Israeli trained and American tax-payer funded Terrorists that shot down a Russian plane over  Syria yel…
Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack   by  325_dg via  
Saw the attack   got on their Facebook and Twitter due to the live streaming glitches last night. There are still man…
Ethnic cleansing at its peak,Nigeria burns 
What do Muharram processions passing through hindu-majority areas chant? Jai Shri Ram? When Muslims shamelessly pra…  
Another successful   here in Riyadh
US is watching countries helping terrorists obtain  nuclear weapons  Spain  Canada  usa
It’s hard to imagine a proposal more damaging to ordinary Syrians, the people every country involved in this war claims the… 
A war criminal writes in   isangirl   s    …  
It's when, not if:  Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack   
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
Piers Morgan launches blistering attack on the BBC for airing graphic ‘homophobic’ ca oon of him and Donald Trump  
You can show people how much of a sham most of what they believe in is, and they'll attack YOU! 
South Africa minus their two star batsmen looked very pedestrian against some clinical wrist spinning display by th…  
This is no laughing matter. Akira and Massu attack me w...
What happened with frieza after he was hit by that attack from jiren? I didn't saw him in the stands.
I am a Professional Graphics Designer, Do Flyer, Poster, Banner, Business Card, Brochurer ETC design.…   
Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack  
Today, Afrin.. People are marching against genocide threats and civil massacres of islamic dictator Erdogan and his…   
imagine britt having a baby with dylan like i will have a hea  attack they deserve happiness so much  
Remember I said,   One day, We will realize that   Presidency is the biggest fraud ever perpetuated on the A… 
Libya tragedy: FIA nabs four suspected human smugglers in Gujrat    Pakistan  news
chuu - hea  attack / harmony filter (use headphones)  
1st Time in History: Terrorists in Full Control of Judiciary:
Good Point - the rise of the Sturmabteilung - Brown Shi s  
Eminem did a diss song about your ass and you didn’t say shit. Jay-Z expresses his feelings about your racist comments…
Video:  Syria
Studies and polls, European intelligence repo s, show Europe has impo ed   Islamic extremism, Arab anti-Semitism, natio… 
Fuck off  
'With all forecasts, the assumptions made at the beginning determine the outcomes that you get'. 
SDF defeated ISIS in no hern Syria – the US and its allies should suppo  them in Afrin via    
Pakistan's Punjab Province Schools Reforms Roadmap Programme has helped set up 8,000 Information Technology and Science Labs, 11… 
Projection again. It's Trump's attack on the FBI that reeks of it. Trump leans just slightly to the right of Nazi.
And thats why im really disappointed with our society nowadays. i know its against Islam's principles, but…   
Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack    
JRM is spear heading a very far right coup &amp; attack on our institutions, fabric of our society. All these tactics have be… 
Come to think of it... I think Zuma is using Ace to gauge Cyril’s power. The more Ace continues…
Attack three huge business problem areas in just 30 days [0.05]:    
So much  fun spending the afternoon with great  food  friends and  music from  Israel  
In the current attack, Bumrah, Chahal and Kuldeep all made their name in the IPL. Bhuvi's re-emergenc… 
2 Children Die from Starvation in  Nobol –  Aleppo Countryside (  Archive):…  
Yes, I got dragged out the pit tonight. No, it wasn’t because I had a panic attack. I just got a little too hyped &amp;…   
The Jews destroyed Germany turned Russia into the Soviet Union destroyed all Christian Churches and outlawed Christianity P…
The Spectator and Stephen Pollard apologise to Islam expo and pay damages   via  
TwitterBestFandom  TeamEXO  SoompiAwards   I Love EXO Hea  attack
Riddle me this. They brawl on the streets of France, attack women in Germany and Sweden, plot terror and bring murder and… 
The truth is Pakistan is living in a delusion. Suppo s terrorism, ''fights terrorism'' and then asks the world for…   
Islamic Republic of Iran arrests 29 women for appearing in public without hijab    PVV  UnitedPatriot…
I didn’t see anyone getting lynched for watching Padmaavat but I sure saw people getting shot dead for chanting Vande Mat…
You're absolutely welcome   and I'm equally thrilled that after   In Their Shoes   on May 5th, I'll be r…   
The greatest Jihad is to battle your own soul, to fight the evil within yourself. 
Aghase around the world let win this ready to attack!!  TeamGOT7  TwitterBestFandom  GOT7
💯   Media  Daily Died like a hero: Revealed that Russian pilot killed in  Syria refused to surrender and died…  
I have Make 0.15 BTC in 5 Mints    fight  apuestas  ufc  bittrex  daytrader  altcoin…  
Islamic State's   minister of information   Omer Yetek repo edly detained by Turkish security forces in Ankara.   
Can we all please appreciate Zayn wearing a white shi 
i listened to mx’s music a ton a looong time before i got into them but first i had my eye on mh in the stuck mv so…  
Gunmen attack Save the Children office in eastern Afghanistan, killing at least two people 
In Islam it is advised if you have sinned and only you know it, to keep it to yourself and not share it with another soul… 
Everything seems wrong in the manner mullahs are practicing Islam. This religion needs to hit the refresh button so…  
Dua is the last weapon of a beliver. OH ALLAH! YAA ALLAH!! Bring peace to crisis area, give shiffa to the sick one's, elavate… 
It turned out Bitto was a good spo  and made no big deal of his fa  attack  DoubleWahala  
Qatar has asked Israel for aid as a last reso  to resolve its crisis!
A million strong demonstration taking place in Kurdish region Afrin under attacks by Turkish state, and its barbari…   
The blind sided attack wasn't going to ruin my weekend. I made history by entering the first ever Women's Royal Rumble…
The spy who couldn't come in from the cold😎 Is this spy holed up in the White House❓Is this why there is such fear of imple…
Imam Reza (AS)   Faith is to one grade superior &amp; sublime to Islam &amp; piety is one degree superior to faith and ce itude and… 
muslimimagines  Muslims Women's bible site: Hindus kept captive in  Islamic Bangladesh for conversion ransom &amp; rape  
- The Iranian regime announced on February 1st that 29  women in the city of  Tehran have been arrested for not wearing the…
Ben Tallon:   Football crests are a minefield - but don't attack the designer  : 
You keep telling yourself that. The judge even said Osborne was influenced by anti Muslim hate online. Osborne obse…  
Black Pearl &amp; Hea  Attack
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is Mu…  
FCC: Hawaii False Missile Ale  Sent by Worker Who Thought Attack Was Imminent  
Piers Morgan launches blistering attack on the BBC for airing graphic 'homophobic' ca oon of him and…  
, treat the DOJ &amp; FBI systemic corruption as a cancer. Fire (excise) the top three administrative le…   
The hottest cute. -hea  attack-  
Hahahaha Sweden suppo ed terrorism against civilians in South Africa, sounds like karma to me 
yeah of course! send us a vid of you flying into the side of a mountain, exploding on impact and dying a fiery death and w… 
30-year-old Hanifa Abbas Khalaf recounts how she had a beautiful life before the ISIS came in 2014.
Islam scholar Tariq Ramadan charged with rape: legal source  
Darren Osborne planned a hate-filled attack that murdered Makram Ali and shocked us all. I was proud of how, in the wake… 
What ARE the rules of Islam exactly. I'm intrigued.
if you are an avid fan of attack on titans, monsters vs humans storyline thing, then maybe you will like TERRA...   
Diame has been our best player in the last few games and Murphy will attack the fullbacks instead of cu…  
Evidence That  Iran Ordered  Houthi  missile Attacks on  Saudi Arabia    IRGC  
It’s actually sad to see this  NoHijabDay. What’s next. no Islam day. What’s wrong with people 🙄
You end up losing your Islam for an ideology that purpo s to challenge colonialism while Marx himself commended the col…
You should have told the bloody truth then in the 90’s, could have saved 1000’s of children fed to the Islamic altar by Labou… 
Afghanistan publishes “undeniable” proof Islamic State, Taliban jihadis trained in Pakistan   https… 
Ok. Lets forget me winding you up about your name. Are you going to answer my question about islam?
Iran :How long do you want to keep our spritual master dr. Taheri in solitary confinement!?If you dont release him unt…
The Quran's Universal Message -   -  Featured  UnderstandingQuran  ramadan  islam  
Pak Army is shelling Dangam district in Kunar,🇦🇫 Afghanistan where suspected TTP safe havens r located on a 100 KM dista… 
Final thought on Dems  SOTU behavior...
Germany needs to send those refugees back to Syria. Isis is gone there's no reason why they should be in Germa…
HE ATTACK  
Most recent sophisticated  state-like cyberattack on  energy sector suggests a trial run. 
Eleven security officials were ma yred during a suicide attack on Army unit spo s area at Kabal, Swat on Saturday. 
abletaz As far-right terrorism is the biggest (and still fastest-growing) type of terrorism in the US, sounds…   
It turned out Bitto was a good spo  and made no big deal of his fa  attack  DoubleWahala  
Retweeted Julian Assange ⌛ ( ):
Hea  attack  TwitterBestFandom  TeamEXO  SoompiAwards  
“There, undeniably, would be no ISIS if we hadn’t invaded Iraq,” says David Kilcullen, a former counter-insurgency advise… 
LAST 30 MINUTES
Don't Believe On Fake Media Read Islam by Yourself
Fuck you Trudeau you are a disgrace to this world and I wish you all the worst. The worst possible. Yo…  
In 2016 Jo Cox was murdered by a white supremacist who took exception to her views on Europe and immigration, screaming   P… 
One team, one fight: French, Iraqi, and Spanish soldiers work side by side at Besmaya Range Complex, conducting a illery exer… 
Si vive come amici di merda lo so BUT i could do without a hea  attack or two
Last year was the most dangerous year ever for journalists around the world. Many of the threats they face including su…
And, like one of them or, some of them died or, came under attack &amp; were fucked &amp; chucked from my house or, removed from it &amp; locked up. 
U.S. Ready to Use Nukes in Response to a Conventional Attack? News  WW3   
Pakistani Taliban claim attack that killed 11 soldiers   WORLD
Terrorism among the Uighurs was a response to China's Han expansion, same…   
Islam Deny Media Access at At  Muslim  FreeSpeech Conference  
Ok. In a country where an MP was murdered by a fascist and in a week where a man who wanted to kill Corbyn is jailed for…
Then they eventually end up leaving Islam because you realistically can't be a Communist, an ideology that purpo s reli… 
It is. Did you see the HTS launch video?  
Sumoud, a sho  film produced by  , capturing the reality of  Israel’s coercive environments in Al-Hadidiya, no he… 
Yet more  APA HEID😈 state  israel🔯 , SHAME. , SHAME, SHAME, SHAME, SHAME, SHAME,🔨   
what did i even see on the main page with   Zombie Attack   
: A government that uses your tax money to kill off 1.5 Million in Iraq &amp; your money to arm AlQaeda  WhiteHelmets terrorists…
Is Obama running the BBC now?  
UPDATE: Judge says there's   no way   she'll punish father of 3 victims of Larry Nassar after the dad tried to attack ex-doctor in… 
SQUAD NUMBERS: Newcastle United new boys Ma in Dúbravka and Islam Slimani have had their squad numbers confirmed...
…  
Breaking: A smuggling attempt of explosive materials to  Gaza was foiled  IsraelBreakingNews  
Life will be better if you see through the lies of the three Religions of the Book: Islam. Jud…  
Great a icle, made me really think about how I communicate with asthmatics in the throws of a severe attack. I'm sure I'm gu… 
This doctor was a victim of a racist attack, but instead of suppo ing him, his university put him on probation.   
Muslims borrowed the beard and moustache culture also from macho  Rajputs/Marathas.
Here is my latest piece in    Iran protests:  IRGC unable to reinstate the atmosphere of repression  IranProtes…
Opposing Islam is no more RACIST than opposing German National Socialism or Soviet Communism. It has NOTHING to do w/ color or…
t_l   .. attack on bangtan  TwitterBestFandom  TeamBTS  
NEW ISLAMIC TERRORIST THREAT that Germany is trying to downplay   via  
IslamIsTheProblem  LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder  Antifa are trash.
How dumb do you have to be to think you should have won when you just try to play safe…  
Iran:  Tehran protest, chant of 'Death to the Dictator' IranProtests  IranUprising…   
…
with joao in attack...
OMFGG YESS  
Oh my God .its mean more crime rapes n terrorism. What they will do here .there may be more who just…  
Find them. Destroy them. MT ISIS Releases Video Allegedly Showing Beheading of U.S. Journalist Sotloff
Interesting team after the subs yesterday. 4-3-3 with Rashford, Sanchez and Ma ial in attack. Pogba without as much defens… 
Video shared my some Iranians on social media labeled as “The process and speed of the reform movement in  Iran.”  
Aircraft attack civilian convoy on Syrian highway, at least seven killed   
Misery Victims Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
Your words can either attract or attack what God is doing in your life. - Pastor Travis Greene  MorningMeditation  Enga…
Turkish Police arrests 82 ISIS terrorists from Istanbul  
You should be ashamed of yourselves, liars. 
Talking Talks: DDos Attack.. what it is??
At least 11 soldiers were killed in a suicide attack near a military camp in Swat, a valley in no h-western...   
Because Obama is black the media pretended he was a good president no matter how obvious it became that he was a traitor to…
Israel Carries Out Airstrikes in  Egypt, With Cairo’s O.K. |  ISIS  daesh  terrorism    
Sir is theres any connection of Sufi Muhammad’s release with yesterday’s suicide attack in Swat.
Must have struck a nerve attack bot was issued. Lol 😂😂🤣
Hourly  weather update  SaudiArabia 1300 hrs
History uncovered: First Temple-era relics found in  Jerusalem hills.
Still seeking justice for her brother.    1988massacre  iran  
Impossible to wipe out something you actually secretly suppo , therefore he is a spy committing treason!    
Red Flag: we did not induce TD to attack O’Brien
vegita lives thank goodness unlike the last time he sacrificed himself using that attack against majin buu he's can…  
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is M…  
You're absolutely welcome   and I'm equally thrilled that after   In Their Shoes   on May 5th, I'll be r…   
The   and   use case and proof of existence  
So far, Dems have not clapped or stood for: 
BREAKING -  Syria opposition fighters have shot down a  Russia SU-25 fighter jet in SE  Idlib - the first downed since…
i: Could false ale s and  fakenews sta  a nuclear  war?    Geopolitics  
Right, I really need to so  shopping list out - my first 3am nightmare/panic attack for a while has left me somewh…   
How dare Ofsted chief compare Christianity to violent Islamic extremism? - Dr Chris Sugden
Jihadist women’s magazines: Al-Qaeda’s chick-lit: how to please your holy warrior   via  
A photographic journey through pre-civil war  Syria  travel  ttot   via  
Calling for independent investigation into  1988massacre  iran  
Tbh no. I'm really tired of being judged  for liking  a fiction ship. I don't attack other people for shi…  
Joking without lying is allowed in Islam – the Prophet (pbuh) used to joke but never lied to make people laugh.   Make halal jokes!
This is a very significant &amp; laudable pa  of tonight's interview that shouldn't get lost in the wash.
RAJA KAMRAN u r blaming to against our leadership nd we were nt involve in ragging e…  
Adams stands knee deep in the blood and guts of dead British &amp; Irish victims of republican terrorism…  
For more information:
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 49.251.101.192  
islam women sex redneck girls  
Secular India* Brand West Bengal*
[Inukami] Ove hrow v. Denim
The country with the biggest income inequality is the US, by that that logic then all luxury brands must close shop…   
The Dawah in Yathrib (Madinah) was assigned to Musab Ibn Umair who fulfilled it and paved the way for it to become the first  Islamic State
Saudi press today:  Yemen VP “We’re close to victory..85% of Yemen is in our hands”. Hard to credit
That's not postmodernism. That's an ad hominem attack and the strategy has been around far longer than postmodernism.
New post (Tanha Tareen Sardar - Imam Hassan (as)( Islamic Movie in Urdu ) Pa  9) has been published on Urdu Islami…  
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is Mu…  
Maldives army seals off parliament, arrests MPs: Army locks down parliament, police arrest two opposition politicia…   
These attachment contain a long list of every time Oba…  
Anas Sarwar: Everyday Islamophobia a real threat: After being called a 'brown, Muslim, Paki' by a senior Labour cou…   
Singapore worries, &amp; prepares for terrorist attack 
Trans-African railway line hopes to boost regional trade: The African Union has an ambitious plan to connect the po…  
Russian Su-25 Frogfoot Attack Jet Shot Down In Syria (Updated)  
Don Cherry is trending and I thought he had a hea  attack or something....but no he said something people disagree…  
I think you need to look over your shoulder, Keir. The hard left is already devouring your fellow Blairites.   
If we going to worry about 2019 election, we should also worried about the lives of people that will soon go before 2019.  … 
Before you lecture about Hijab, open you eyes to the oppression of your kind in the name of Islam 
Yes  StephenPollard suppo s  FreeSpeech unless it is anti  Israel or its suppo ing…  
Hea  Attack  TwitterBestFandom  TeamEXO   PROMISE EXO
Calories shmalories. In  Israel
※Attack on Titan Levi unofficial account  bot
Man is found guilty of calling two airpo s and repo ing his father and brother as TERRORISTS to stop them boarding flights…
Five killed just in January----the same amount killed per year by over the counter codeine. So what's the governmen…  
ICC  U19 team includes  Pakistan's  ShaheenAfridi
Anti- Imperialist U: Hugo Turner: Deep Politics of Iran/Contra V.2    Fascism  Ukraine  Russia  G…
Results of the 1st Open Call for experiment proposals for   contributions (call ID RobMoSys-1FORC) are availab…
⚡️ “Russian fighter jet shot down by  FSA  Terrorists”
Hea  Attack. It's my favorite song
At least some who kill have legitimate motives unlike Islam who have no valid reasons.  
China cracks down on Islam; Parents cannot organize force or lure minors into attending  religious activities https:/…
Hea  attack    TURKISH EXOLS PROMISE EXO    TwitterBestFandom  TeamEXO   
Reza u r right we also want fencing to stop terrorism nd blame game 2 eacg other BT ur ghani…  
Ottomans invades Europe many times, Jews persecuted and conquered by Islamic dictators. They get thie…   
Amid war drums in the no h, Netanyahu says Israel not interested in fight: Netanyahu said that Israel, by its pres…   
why would decent law abiding citizens what to be ruled by an unrepentant republ…  
It's when, not if:  Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack.   
You REALLY should sta  paying a bit of attention to what Islam demands of its followers an…
Marilyn Monroe’s Pentagon ID, issued to “Norma Jeane DiMaggio”, before she performed in front of US troops in South Korea, t… 
Islam and teachings killed  AnkitSaxena  
The ethnic cleansing of Baloch in  Balochistan.  Pakistan using deprivation of education as a tool of genocide.  
Code for terror attack tonight ?
Trudeau compares post WW2 Southern European refugees to ISIS fighters returning to Canada shows how morally corrupt and d…
I liked a   video   Reiner! Are we doing it?! Now?! Right here?! - Attack on Titan: Junior High Funny
Look at the beginning of the religions (not people along the way). I think you will see ho…  
anxiety attack isn't fun
A French Nuclear Attack Submarine ‘Sunk’ a U.S. Navy Aircraft Carrier  
And this wasn't even it.. Islam raised status of women even higher than men. When Holy Quran states that e…  
Once again very well bowled by Chahal &amp; Kuldeep. Nicely suppo ed by Bhuvi &amp; Bumrah. Top class limited-overs bowlin…  
A totally dishonest interview by Kirsty Wark. Her mission was to vilify Tommy Robi…
Hate is hate whether it’s the far-right or ISIS – but together we can end it - The Sun  
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He…  
Let's work 10000x harder last few minutes left  TwitterBestFandom  TeamGOT7  
CNN, this is a bad slander!!! If you are an innocent, Turks never shot... But Terrorists...   
Married2Med (pt2) let me explain. Simone said u put urself on a pedestal which is character attack. Quad didn’t sp…  
Israelis target  ISIS fighters in  Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact - Washington Post  
Terrorism against random people is   justice   to these sickos   
Wallahi i woke up so excited,you know why? I realised that I'm a Muslim. Alhamdulillah 'ala ni'matil Islam. 
Lawyer, who had 20 AAP MLAs disqualified, faces social media embarrassment for past tweets targetting Islam,...   
China: Who’s a nuclear menace? Us or US?    bearday  Iran  usa  
AI could win the next Cold  War    
Intellihub repo ed dossier was fake over a year ago, I just don’t get it    Smo… 
The existence of  Pakistan is the root cause of all evils on planet ea h.
is actually a decent president wish we had someone like him over here, Fucking hate Isis they can all burn 
The mouthpiece of terrorism speakers. By their friends you will judge them
Might US strike No h Korea to help GOP in midterm elections?    bearday  Iran  usa  
Outside  Yemen ’s rebel-held capital, stalemated  war rages on  Saudi   
Saudi jets kill civilians; Yemeni snipers take out soldiers    bearday  Iran  usa  
You wanna talk statistics alt right?
UK: Muslim teen leaves flyers and CD’s in two of London’s biggest hospitals, calling for jihad terror attacks   
The tories are planning to shut down Hollyrood with the backing of the plastic socialist LABOUR PA Y  
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He…  
Tanker with 22 Indian sailors on board goes missing off West Africa    bearday  Iran  usa  
US dollar rate raised again in  iran up to 4800tomans.
⚠️MASS VOTE ATTACK⚠️
Africa must be great again just suppo  the right to self determination, Africans seek asylum because Af…   
Muslims shoot people: blame ISLAM THE IDEOLOGY THAT MADE THEM SHOOT PEOPLE
should've been aggressive  cancer, i'd say lethal   hea  attack   but he doesn't have one 
BREAKING:  Russia's military jet SU-25 has been downed in  Syria in  Idlib province. Sources of   in MoD confir…
Australian money is under attack from counterfeiters   via  
SUNDAY FOOTBALL
British  Muslim Awards: Algerian  Riyad_Mahrez elected “Superstar Muslim in Spo ”
2 +2 does = 4  
Afrin offensive: seven Turkish soldiers die in  Syria  Turkishmilitary  OliveBranch    
The Tory  Brextremist attack on the Civil Service parallels Trump's attack on the FBI. It comes after the Tory &amp; press…
Su25 shot down around  Idlib who sold manpads to the islamists in  Syria ?
Sharmine Narwani: spinning the Assad line   by    Syria
RCS malware attack prompts FBI investigation, double down on network defenses 
And what happened to all the ISIS training camps in the USA?
(National Post): Israel to legalize settlement outpost deep in  West Bank : JERUSALEM —..    
My mom, before and after the 1979 Iranian Islamic Revolution   
Teachers should stop brainwashing little children to engage in Islamic Terrorism. Terrorism is not go…  
Obama gave billions to our enemies that we know of how much more did he give them that no one know…  
One man’s “terrorist” is another man’s freedom fighter.
Does Lister speak about what Turkey’s jihadists do in  Afrin?
The Spectator and Stephen Pollard lose libel suit, apologise to Islam expo for claiming it was anti-Semitic and 'genocida… 
Mudd represents the fundamental problem with bureaucrats who are 100%…  
And here’s the post anxiety attack breakdown 🙃
RegimeChange Is the Only Hope for the People of  Iran (And the Region).  IranProtests  IranUprising   
He couldn't care less neither he nor anyone he knows will come into contact with an IS…  
Her eye are totally green when she´s very angry, or when it gives a mad attack 
Hamas: '95 Percent Chance of Israeli Attack in Coming Days'...  
That attack thoooooo jhoooo
Lawyer, who had 20 AAP MLAs disqualified, faces  SocialMedia embarrassment for past tweets targetting Islam, women…   
UK: Govt’s “terror watchdog”: “Fundamentally wrong to attach the word terrorism to any of the world religions”  
Work harder.. Stream harder.. Vote more.. Stay humble.. Not go attack other fandoms.. IGNORE when others come attack us.. Jus…
The Emerging Islamophobe Coalition - Shared from   [   Islam  
Because Stephen Harper broke the law relating to to ure. Because Stephen Harper said there was no social contract with…
HEA  ATTACK  TwitterBestFandom  TeamEXO  
Photo by SaudiArabia  
O young people! Whoever among you can marry, should marry, because it helps him lower his gaze and guard his modesty.   [Bukh… 
Respectfully I was listening and this just isn’t true. I was listening to    . Some dicey views from…  
Media attack isn't it.
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack 
Sweet smell of success: Kurdistan’s rose farmer
News: Minor boy murdered after being molested in Burewala.    Pakistan  news  morningmail…  
4th February 1982, Scottish singer Alex Harvey died of a hea  attack while wait…   
MUST SEE VIDEO: Women of Europe rise up, organize against mass migrant sexual violence, rape jihad  120DB   
No this is love jihad both cant be equated
iHea Awards  BestMusicVideo  SignOfTheTimes  HarryStyles
Piers Morgan launches blistering attack on the BBC for airing graphic 'homophobic' ca oon of whilst h…  
swap for Trippier?  
A photographic journey through pre-civil war  Syria  travel  ttot   via  
another troll everyone  Syria
Does anyone else have that mini hea  attack when you lose your iPhone 📲 and it’s your pocket jacket ?😩🤣
Amid  War drums in the no h, Netanyahu says Israel not interested in fight   
Israeli Army Abducts 3  Palestinians In  Bethlehem – IMEMC News    HandsOffAlQuds  Jerusalem…  
Nope, it's evidently not true, just as many Hindus are not Cow Nazis. 
And then the Government is calling these BHAGWA TERRORISTS as  Fringe Elements.
BBC News - Domestic violence survivor tells of attack by boyfriend  
On the left, various pictures of my mom in Iran with family and friends pre-Revolution. On the right, my mom in a black chad… 
Will  Iran’s military really divest from business holdings?  
niteGame When you are proven to be a retarded child an…  
New Iraqi Law Requires Waiting Period For Suiside Vests ↺ ❤️️    funny  iraq  alqaeda…  
M-103 is “a sharia-style attack on western values,” and it's all spelled out in Parliament's new repo :   —https… 
What the fuck  
There will not be any stop until last pkk kurdish terrorists be terminated
So what? If your lot hadn't wiped 30 people out recently to his attack I doubt very much it would have happened.
hahaha thanks but surprisingly i HAVE seen this xkcd before. but yeah thinking back, a different language ma…   
Here's what I've noticed so far: Defences remain compact long after kick-off - it's almost impossible to attack cen…  
Airflow Shark Attack Pedal Plane  
Adult Gohan:
We must confront the possibility that Trump &amp; the   WANT Russia to interfere with 2018 midterms. Russian sanctions are…
on1: Muslim majority countries have higher than expected adolescent, maternal, under-5, and newborn mo ality and stillbi h… 
TwitterBestFandom  SoompiAwards  TeamEXO    PROMISE EXO     Hea  attack
O  Allah, bless us with physical health and spiritual health.  islam 
Great a icle   in   on new   repo  out tomorrow. More on inclusion of ph…  
'Looking for my brother' Photographer Mohamed Nour hasn't been heard from since the Islamic State group captured him in th…
Batman - Dead End ↺ ❤️️    extreme  cool  vlog  batman  fight  dead  end
TrudeauMustGo before he brings these laws to our country.  
Cayuna with a
Children still die almost everyday in  Syria. Please donate here:  
The same people that have the responsibility of protecting us, have become terrorists, thieves, legal robbers, murderers... Wh… 
BREAKING  Turkish army beat Syrian  (FSA) fighters  who rejected
To much focus on  Terror in the U.S., when you need this! - huuu   The number of businesses seeking active shooter t…   
PashtunLongMarch in Islamabad is demanding  JusticeForNaqeeb, removal of land mines from FATA and putting an end to “ En… 
Germany -  Merkel  CDU  FarLeft Govt downplays Islamist threat in the  Balkans German government  urged  number fighters…
4th February 1982, Scottish singer Alex Harvey died of a hea  attack while waiting to take a ferry back to shore...   
And you still believe federal government is not in collusion with Fulani terrorists?
It is nearly impossible to displace Nazis/Fascism as the moral benchmark. But there is hope that the fault line to…  
Muslim Islamic extremists ‘threatening British values’ in schools – UK watchdog —   ARNT BRIT…  
A wonderful new project launched today in  Iraq. Call it a centre of  innovation of so s, but it's more of a shared spa… 
It’s when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack   
Second school lesson of the day: The Shah Jahan mosque was built during the Mughal period, is over 300 years old &amp;…   
In  Turkey, soaring suppo  for  Syria|n offensive and rising anti- America|nism   
Burley just pa  of the system - on script for his masters&amp;morals left at the door.  
ABSCBNNews: It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack 
They are not fighters,but american led terrorists 
Rebels consider new  Idlib offensive as Syrian Army shifts focus to  ISIS-held no heast  Hama    SAA  Syria
US dollar rate raised again in  iran up to 4800tomans.

Keir prefers to disregard the voters  
The Prophet of Islam, peace be upon him, advised that one should avoid extravagance in one's use of water, even on the… 
People like iTikoo says his death must not be given communal colours…  
I have met some our veterans ...They are true Canadian hero’s ,Modest ,humble ,gallant and not egotistical lun… 
Correction EU is impo ing they're illegal religious army, Europe needs to fight back to save their culture&amp;values!   
So what? Rest of the world(newspapers, tv channels, analysts etc) calls them jihadi, so they are jihadis. It's a po…   
Aircraft attack civilian convoy on Syrian highway, at least seven killed - rescuers - Reuters   
The policing of Muslim women’s clothes is used to attack minority communities already at risk of being alienated b…   
this may be a hard pill to swallow but given recent US ‘foreign policy’ it’s clear it doesn’t want to totally destroy I…
(Ledger Addresses Man in the Middle Attack That Threatens Millions of Hardware Wallets) has been published on  -  
on Yes I do. Arsenal's defence is weak, but they have a brilliant attack. Mkhi, Ramsey, Ozi…   
I don't suffer with jetlag as a rule, and I sleep quite well :)   
What does a normal person do on a Sunday? Relax.
An interesting read re  Pakistan’s  Afghan policy.  Afghanistan  Pakistan   
ownsend7:  Muslim  tcot Islam stands and falls on its history. Read my fo hcoming book. Follow   for updates.
To be honest, outspoken &amp; straight to the fkn point: in most  EU countries WE know the  Erdogan suppo ers &amp; agitators by nam… 
unity  fight  fighting  suppo   together  4th  4thfeb  4thfebruary  2018goals  awareness  awarenessmonth  aware  dona…
If you're a  blueteam you should try this on your network. What can you detect, and how fast can you handle it?  DFIR   
ICYMI: Check out this amazing and terrible low-budget, shot-for-shot remake of Star Wars: Attack of the Clones 
Beautiful and moving. A cry for Syria.
SHUT UP CELESTE AND I WERE FREAKING OVER THIS CONCEPT THE OTHER DAY WE WERE WILDIN  
Parents of the 83 ma yr kids by jet attack on Madrasa in Bajuar Agency are going to join  PashtunLongMarch. Finally Pak…
We need to see an investigation taking place. The recent Special Rappo eur on human rights in  Iran has made a bri…  
5  Turkish  soldiers  who  fight  for  the  safety  of  his  state  died  by  rhe  anti  tank  gun  that  has…  
It’s really sad people look at Islam as a burden or something that prevents us from living an enjoyable life, when rea… 
It’s no different from Yahweh demanding men cut off half of their penis before he’ll accept them into heaven.
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they…  
5. The dates and order of members enlisting
ISLAMIC LOVE…, Items For Sale -… - Chiapas -    Anunciase  Items_For_Sale_-_Productos_En_Venta  Chiapas 
If we're going to discuss the State of the Union, then we have to talk about Trump and 
Iran's state prosecutor calls recent protests by Iranian women against forced  hijab   childish.   
im gonna have a panic attack and its not even 6am cosdjfnf
No!Research   to the Holocaust,it sta ed because…   
Minister of Interior Prof. Ahsan Iqbal strongly condemned terrorist attack on Pak army in Swat. Sacrifices made by our b…
It was always the IRA's plan to infiltrate our government! Just the same as Islam have…  
Her eye are totally green when she´s very angry, or when it gives a mad attack 
s:  ICC  U19 team includes  Pakistan's  ShaheenAfridi
Understanding Suffragette violence rarely includes the crazy, extreme history of police and soldiers being told to attack and slash tits. 
In 07 I fell down a flight of stairs while carrying a pot of hot grease trying to do something nice for Bae... Coul…  
Top notch breakfast.
Jews worry US focus on Islamic terror a way to avoid home-grown white supremacy    News  Bibleprop…
Almost end... Attack.. Go go  TeamGOT7  GOT7  TwitterBestFandom
Its like big joke when China talks about fighting terrorism. These shameless people on one hand ta…  
@ _com Militans, not terrorists? srsly?🤦‍♂️ 
VOTE ATTACK FOR THE LAST DAY! 🚨
Spot on. From what poch said in his press conference he will be going all out attack. Going to get ripped to shreds!
Hea  attack  obf
wanted 2 make a new yt edit and this is what i’ve got so far,,, i know the first aren’t filtered don’t attack me pls https:/… 
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to…  
Victims of Islam....let's speak truth that warlord, rapist Muhammad snatched homes of these Kafirs   
Times 'If Islam continues to spread thru UK you'll find more pple with nationalistic, xenophobic views. Possibly riots will sta… 
for the wrath is come upon  israel
Israeli settlers break into 3rd holiest site in Islam  
MMA  UFC  BJJ  Judo  Fight Twitter reacts to Lyoto Machida's narrow win over Eryk Anders at UFC Fight Night 125  
‘They called us evil women and said we were Prostitutes’. Madeha Alajroush, was arrested for driving in  SaudiArabia in 1… 
Arrest Miyetti Allah, President Buhari, and all their friends for the massacre of the innocents children, women, el…   
I feel so attack Kim Jonghyun. How come someone can be so hot and cute at the same time??   TwitterBestFandom  TeamNUE…
Did the stupid NHRC do anything when our boys are getting beheaded....right in their neighbourhood in the national capital…
India's New Attack Submarine Comes with Some Serious Firepower  
Tehran Pasdaran street
Video shows 'Paris and Brussels attack suspect Mohamed Abrini being arrested' | Daily Mail Online  
The end of  ISIS: Literary cafes, poetry readings and pavement bookstalls --  Mosul's cultural scene is back in business… 
I hope this Attack Duel Mode error is remedied because, like me, I believe there are many people who are also being harmed 
Can you help us by publishing this link to help raise Awareness of the suffering in  Syria
Steve Baker's and JRM's attack on the civil service and   shows us what Brexitism is really about.  Clue: it's n…
Dimples attack  
A Russian pilot was killed by militants in Syria when an Su-25 ground attack aircraft was hit by a po able missle  
ahre
The United States' 49-year streak of running the billion-dollar office of   may end. Ken Isaacs, the Trump ad… 
Nigerian LOOTERS have never been so economically, morally down &amp; sick with various degrees of cancers &amp; hea  attack li… 
The Iranian regime claims to be Muslim yet behaves like fascists.
Amid  War drums in the no h, Netanyahu says Israel not interested in fight   
Unless all of a sudden the Islamic co…  
The nest of vipers has been holding the world to ransom since WW2.
Uk Cyber Attack: Latest News, Photos, Videos on Uk Cyber Attack - 
Yemen’s  Houthi s Getting Missile Training From  IRGC,  Hezbollah, Opposition Group Claims. Terrorism…   
How to Pronounce Electronically Unavailable ↺ ❤    terrorism  brainwash  swamped…  
25) Arda Turan
KahrizakCharityFoundation, is probably the largest  welfare  NGO in  MiddleEast, suppo ed by a huge number of  Iranian… 
21st century progress  
im not an alim. And we’re all held to the same standard. This is islam. We don’t have a clergy…
Ariana Grande, Niall Horan and Kylie Minogue lead tributes to London after terror attack   
President  ’s attack on  MonumentsForAll eviscerated a historic Native American victory.  …
Oh no, so many Shia groups fighting Nusra &amp; ISIS who killed hundreds of civilians here in the…   
Kitesurfing is one of the water spo s you just have to try if you live in  SaudiArabia. It's fun, refreshing, and you get… 
You slept on the tiled floor there.  
Repo edly,  PakistanArmy targeting  TTP safe haven inside  Afghanistan near Pak-Afghan border. Shelling may continue unt… 
There’s clearly a huge rise in liars commenting? Let’s call this out!  
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack 
If it had been two ISIS members he'd been phoning, and he was on Obama's team,…   
To PKK/PYD  : is your father trump ? Dad !  comee!!  A child is beating mee ?you blow up people in Turkey on US ' a…  
The Syrian air defense are maintaining close air-suppo  of the offensive    Syria  
world Here's another photogenic young girl just killed in the  Afrin conflict - but I guess you are not running…  
Why not we go for implimentation of islamic law of public stoning for such hideous crime in order to make…  
International. Paris. Attack.. march 2016.. (coke. Apa ment...) tw   delnaja ( ninch. Josh.. ).. 'gy
What does a normal person do on a Sunday? Relax.
Crossroads countenance. Buddha carved in Hellenistic style, 2000+ years old.  Taxila,  Pakistan.  EdenWalk   
Hear Attack
Wendeley: It is. Did you see the HTS launch video?  
New agenda is right there. In the Rashid woman's tweet. A law 'protecting' inter-faith marriages, in other words, give lega… 
👍It makes people angry that we are paying them for this brainwashing crap that they spew out night &amp; day &amp; the worse thing…
It is not too late to stand with Afrin!  
I believe that we all want to establish an islamic state jeoffrey cabalce.
It’s true.
Video: Shah Rukh Khan talks about what he learnt from acid attack survivors at a speech in Davos  
MAGA  AmericaFirst Think about it.  
UPDATE: Video released of US airstrikes that killed women and children in eastern Syria Syria  DeirEzzor  ISIS
Herdsmen Attack: scores feared dead in fresh attack in Adamawa   via  
Women to END Misogyny &amp; Subjugation!!!!  
Visit to the tombs of Imam Khomeini (ra), the founder of the Islamic Revolution, and the Revolution's ma yrs this Wednesd… 
Bristle, attack! 
Rico is very funny 🤣🤣🤣  bbnaija  
I have a FB page which listed 100 couples they are Hindu-Muslims and did interfaith marriage,this page…   
ONLY thing  Syria opposition &amp;  Assad regime fighters agree on is  SIS regrouping &amp; planning a comeback despite being driv…
Brexiteers' attacks on civil servants 'like pre-war Nazi Germany'
Great news for all of us nut lovers!! :)  
Love brother  
FARM ATTACK: 36 Between Vivo and Dendron, farm workers was tied up, attacker's was armed and sho s was fired.SAPS on scene… 
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try…  
This until recent. The current movement came from peaceful protests by lawyers and teachers who were arrested and branded…
FSA forces suppo ed by  Turkey captured the village of Haj Bilal.  Afrin  Syria
7 Turkish soldiers die in Syria, including five in tank attack..   
JusticeForGander256  's book may well be today's most impo ant read.  If you haven't embraced his analy…  
Trudeau
RussNews: Fo  Russ: PHOTOS: Single Kurdish  YPG attack kills at least 5 Turkish soldiers in  Syria's…  
Maraguinot's attack goes in!
in_III We want  RegimeChange in  Iran to bring back o…
Belies believe that the welfare of a piece of scum shit like Ca er Page is so impo ant 2 Reps that any hint of im…  
uwu mode: Activated
((German airbase under attack by an unknown number of enemy fighters. Four pilots scramble immediately, when Erich…   
[ENG] 180124 Infinite ( 인피니트) Lobby Attack
So you sta ed with attack on JC and this is what the detail is?
Israeli Soldiers Abduct 10  Palestinians In  Jerusalem – IMEMC News    HandsOffAlQuds…  
Scary!!!  
VIDEO: violent mob of romanians brutal attack on muslims in chalvey slough uk  
Morocco  Iran  WorldCup2018  WorldCupTickets 2018 FIFA WORLD CUP RUSSIA: MOROCCO VS IRAN   
If I don't get the Brexit I desire, and only I desire, I will don khakis and a riffle and head to the front line. 
RussNews: Fo  Russ: Identity of Russian hero killed in  Syria revealed, ex-fighter pilot for the…   
Did I not say a few days ago an accident or attack was going to occur as a distraction from the FISA Memo?
Attack on Bangtan
Iran Regime’s Military Official Admits to Leading Role of the Mek / Pmoi in Recent Uprisings. Iran  FreeIran…  
Movement &lt; Sonic turn ISIS into WASWAS. Like and I run up on a hairbrush have a cocc.
Masoom  Zainab: Qasoorwar Kon? Justice4Zainab  JusticeForZainab  A 6/7 years old child raped…
DT might as well just say he's sold America to Putin.  He not only doesn't care, but seems grateful for attack on U…   
This is rich coming from someone who endorses Modi, suppo s Israel, suppo s Assad, has no issue with drones so long as… 
No hKorea earned $200 million from banned expo s last year and sends arms to  Syria and Myanmar - PRI  
Not every islamist is terrorist ,but every terrorists were islamist. What's up with that???  wakeup  islam 
Well obama gave these terrorists nuclear capability
RegimeChange Is the Only Hope for the People of  Iran (And the Region).  IranProtests  IranUprising   
“His teachings marked the advent of a new era in the history of Sufism. The truth of Islam was to be made...  
The   us   means her society of  Muslims,  Libtards,  TukdeTukdeGang,  Presstitutes,  naxals,  Communists,  Pidis etc. 
Pakistan is still suppo ing Isis Islamic terrorism in Kashmir, still stone pelting&amp; burning of US,Is…   
These lies of Mogg as proved by release of the audio are scandalous Attacks on institutions because they're not cow…  
MeToo I want my kids to live without fear.  
Iran: think about your international reputation, it is going to be ruined more by keeping Dr.  Taheri, a genius scholar in… 
The Syrian air defense are maintaining close air-suppo  of the offensive    Syria  
Fascinating insights into the situation in Xinjiang and the foreign Uighur jihadist movement. And is that what's le…  
for terrorist attack..  
Hi  =  This PR, it’s a  humanity &amp;  Justice case  thaarjustice  Sheffieldissuper  1FIRST  CanadaSta ups  WrexhamRocks  ThePRO… 
Superb rebuttal.
Pakistan Army is shelling Dangam district in Kunar province of Afghanistan where TTP safe havens are located on a 100 KM distan…
We Planned To Attack Ondo - Arrested Boko Haram Suspect   via zXoDm5
Terror police stage Euro 2016 drill simulating chemical attack in stadium where Wales will play - Wales Online  
i was jamming to my song &amp; my father suddenly shouted at my brother &amp; bitch i nearly died from hea  attack
Masoom  Zainab: Qasoorwar Kon? Justice4Zainab  JusticeForZainab  A 6/7 years old child raped &amp; mu…
Fuckinell it’s like the Borrowers in attack.
We need to  FundOurNHS and stop wasting money on  Brexit so  JustLeave with  NoDeal as we don't talk…  
Osborne committed a terrorist attack after being radicalised by anti Muslim hate online. Reaction of right wing lun…  
Father of Three Abuse Victims Tries to Attack Larry Nassar in Cou   
Breaking  Iran
Judaica  Gifts 12 Tribes of  Israel Panels  A HomeDecor  Cards  Posters  Gifts and More  
Muslims are sure that reading of the  Quran is rewarded with divine rewards  ep3_M&amp;S  
Someone we should look up to  
The Achilles heel of  Zionism😈 is  Truth, ✔  BDS,and  Israel's  APA HEID🔯 state is increasingly hard to hide,👍 
Quran is the  Muslims' regulations  ep3_M&amp;S  
Carlos was a dream, 
Khalid Ibn Waleed was a leader of the enemies of Islam
hkhypy1:  MySQL Possible MySQL attack from 58.215.65.231  
Which pa  of islam is your favourite, the animal cruelty, the paedophilia,…   
😔  🌍BreakingNews: Italy drive-by attack targets immigrants in Macerata  
hursmum I actually read that as attack sheep 🐑 🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑
Ian Paisley had no links to terrorists ok if he did show me when he was ever questioned about…  
Why don't you debate   first on Islam itself, but u rather debate someone ignorant so u ca…   
Globalisation is shrinking due to growing trends of protectionism. Many societies &amp; countries are becoming self-centred. Bil…
A million strong demonstration taking place in Kurdish region Afrin under attacks by Turkish state, and its barbaric Jiha… 
The aim of the Operation Olive Branch is to ensure Turkey’s border security and neutralize PKK/KCK/PYD-YPG &amp;DEASH terro…
Hard left are your problem   get them so ed they a blight on society nu ured by your reprehensible leader…
How to Pronounce Chinatown Wars ↺ ❤    set-to  peace  coldwar  crossswords  combat  feinted…  
Great idea but no suggestion about who could do anything to stop it.
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack   
Thousands of Christians, Ahmadis and Hindus are fleeing as the government turns a blind eye to Islamic groups' hara…   
If you are  Shia in  Pakistan then you have two options! Killed like  MutiUllah   DIKhan or be abduct like Eng Mumtaz Hussai…
How to Pronounce Chinatown Wars ↺ ❤    pulledwire  kiddie  jackpot  takeon  peace…  
Umm.. What are you saying? 😂. The COMMAND for women to cover is in 24:31. And the word for cover is Khimar, not Hij…   
Somehow I don’t think Nouman has been reading the Quran &amp; Hadith completely... there is greater responsibility if y…  
It is impo ant to end hatred for  Muslim minorities which has been in place since the past 3 years, says   at I… 
Cop Arrested For  Attack On 2 Near Delhi, Police Say Personal Enmity 
A repo  in state-controlled notes suppo  for compulsory hijab has declined in  Iran  
Does this call for such ad hominem attack? You can dispute what he said without going into…  
2 Pakistan trained terrorists arrested in Baramulla by Police, Army and CRPF. They had gone to Pakistan on valid Pakistani visa to… 
Diligent work by our Anti-Terrorism Unit officers here- Most fare evaders are issued a summons &amp; sent on their way (&gt;75%)-…
The Conservatives are trying to take Stella Creasys line on Peston to attack us members,NEC and residents standing…   
from now on Idlib will be getting the full   ISIS treatment package   
It is inevitable that on of these 450 terrorists or more likely a group of them will commit an act of terror.
Amin!!!  
The  Muslim grooming gangs of Europe have made their way to my city.  Vancouver  
Im seeing few of mutuals that doesnt use   on their tweets. Okay, i wont attack them but im hoping that they know what they'r… 
I'm proud of my nation, culture, religion and not asahmed of my ancestors past history anymore 
Israel Sta s Issuing  Depo ation Notices to  African  AsylumSeekers.  Hypocrisy  Zionism =  Nazism. Will the…  
What to say them who still follow asaram, Rampal,gurmeet and so on. 
1-Attack On Bangtan
[Aegis] @ 2018-02-04 10:48:12 +0000 -&gt; 200.44.179.94 -&gt; ET SCAN LibSSH Based Frequent SSH Connections Likely BruteForce Attack
If there is no evidence, you would neither attack the investigators nor fire Comey, Mueller or Ros…   
Instead you just continuously attack the left &amp; offer nothing in return. 2/2
I'm not calling Sho Sho and Wonho to defend me against   and her Hyungwonnie in glasses attack again - th…  
assy4now   Patriotic  Americans,  military,  veterans, first responders yet to decide to…   
Video: Shah Rukh Khan talks about what he learnt from acid attack survivors at a speech in Davos -…  
You need to go! I don't care if Air Force 1 falls out of the sky, choke to death on your…   
: Americans are so totally brainwashed by Israeli propaganda that there is no public restraint on Washington serving Isr…
FLASH FLASH FLASH - SITUATIONAL AWARENESS:  ‘Somali Terrorists’ May Attack Super Bowl   via Zaq
Russian Attack Jet Shot Down Over Syria By Rebels, Pilot Dead 
Turkish army killed more than 150 civilians during the invasion attack on  Afrin.
anti-Italians
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Dazzling Gleam (IV: 96% - CP: 651 - L: 35 until 06:18:02am.  
hkhypy1:  HTTP Possible HTTP attack from 66.249.77.2  
The consequences of backlash of German foreign policy was the rise of Emmanuel Macron as a new leader of survived E…  
Seven Turkish soldiers die in Syria, including five in tank attack   
Iraq launches military operation targeting Islamic State remnants in Diyala  
[VIDEO] 180126 Show Champion Ep. 256 : Special Episode  인피니트   Lobby Attack   With English Subtitle - Sho  version (cr :… 
Jay Z is not a Muslim, he's a Satanist. He doesn't care if it's black or white people who end up getting killed in the en… 
New micro course – protect your organisation from the next ransomware attack  
Media: Ankit's murder is a case of Honor killing and not Communal killing
One mans terrorist is another mans freedom fighter! So objectively is the only sensible app…  
Obama=USA Stalin kgb era LEO legally entitled to oppress democrats will lie but history will show Obama was Stalin…  
I’m sick of the promotion of Islam
MaryamRajavi meets with Dr. Riyadh Yassin,  Yemen’s Ambassador to France and former Foreign Minister - Maryam Raja…   
_English:  Kurds march in  Strasbourg and  Paris against  Turkey's  Syria offensive  N news  TwitterKurds  Afrin  
All Kurdish nurses, paramedics &amp; doctors in Kurdish region Afrin have also joined the street protests against Turke…   
Proud of yourselves?  
why r u saying nothin 2kurds they fought 4us upromised their country back keep the promise next fi…  
During this coordinated   -Russian Intel attack on our Agencies why is the   hiding?? Does Pence really th…
Little girl killed by ASSad Criminal terrorist regime bombardment targeting  alZafarana village..
Shias gave their suppo  for  RamTemple,Sunnis must lend their suppo  too.Every Indian is descendant of Ram.…   
U have to remember all of your deposit addresses bay hard (last 4numbers)  
TwitterBestFandom  TeamEXO  SoompiAwards   Hea  attack
hey it’s me just here for my regular its-2-am-and-I’m-having-an-anxiety-attack-bc-I-don’t-like-being-out-this-late Tweet
White terrorists are nationalist   ? 🤔  
Distributed Guessing Attack to hack VISA cards in just six seconds  
Feb 4 -  Tehran,  Iran 
Most kids my age in Australia then were too skinny! Considering my extremely healthy appetite, I was never fat! The…   
You're absolutely welcome   and I'm equally thrilled that after   In Their Shoes   on May 5th, I'll be runni… 
Jeff Fangirls! Go attack him! Now!!  JaneTheKillerBot
I don't care about the ca oon  . 

Israel to  Legalize  Settlement  Outpost  Deep in  West  Bank  
for militant attack..  
Population and  religion change in  Anatolia from 1045 to 1923. Turkish invasion and settlement,  jihad, pillaging, massacre… 
New post (PAKISTANI NAAT) has been published on Urdu Islamic Video -    
Marriage to Khadija and the Re-building Kaa'ba -   -  SeerahOfProphetMuhammedPBUH  ramadan…  
We can get attack sheep too.
Now that Syrian civil war is over and ISIS have been thrown out, 

Russia’s Tu-95 Bomber Has Cruise Missiles That Can ‘Retarget’   USA…  
When Shaitan is close and strong, remember Allah is closer to you than your jugular vein, and all it takes is a Dua to… 
Israel ’s practices and policies in the  Jordan_Valley is a form of  Colonialism which denies the  Palestinian people their…
Judge Napolitano: Gaps in  Hillary  Clinton Emails Include 2-Month Period Following  Benghazi  Attack  
Pakistani Taliban claim attack that killed 11 soldiers：The Asahi Shimbun  
Identity of  Russian hero killed in  Syria revealed, ex-fighter pilot for the  UkrainianAirForce before...…   
I hope your wrong    !!!😬😬😬😬  
It turned out Bitto was a good spo  and made no big deal of his fa  attack  DoubleWahala    BBNaija
Afrin Offensive about to oppose:
EXO - Hea  Attack
White farmers are being hunted to extinction. The only difference between them and the white rhino, is that the world doesn’… 
It is not wo h your time to help him out, Ben. 
There is no doubt tht entire   is an Islamic terrorist pa y nd 95% of its leaders…  
Turkey's operation in  Afrin,  Syria has led to a new wave of detensions for journalists who criticized or commented or wro… 

Do you really think u can create a potential market in  Maldives to sell your weapons. This is what US…  
MoD ‘in chaos’ over drone use outside of war zones   “Re-editing a brand new policy document…  
THE ATTACK
Massive operation launched today by  Iraq's armed forces from the Anbar dese  towards the Saudi border:
The most fascist intolerant people in our country are antifa and hard line Labour who would with thei…  

((German airbase under attack by an unknown number of enemy fighters. Four pilots scramble immediately, when Erich Ha m… 
This Attack !! This war 😎 by far my favorite attack style 😍  
Was decent, esp 2nd half; Ku is will pick up sharpness &amp; goals will come. Was good to see solid… 
Main problem is, we rely on long range shooting vs. defensive teams. Spurs will attack,…   
Stones thrown at Ashdod municipality building - Ynetnews    Israel
Terror attack in Britain 'unlikely' despite thousands of potential radicals, says Met police chief  | Daily Mail...   

h1 Sharad Pawar is one.
Former Mossad agent praises German nationalist ultra-right pa y AfD - The Jerusalem Post    Israel
Thousands of Christians, Ahmadis and Hindus are fleeing Pakistan as the government turns a blind eye to Islamic gro…   
I did a thread before the  HijabBan was lifted.
Abyss

Their smile can cure anything but can give hea  attack.
Trump and his suppo ers are employing the  OJDefense ... Ignore the gravity of the crime and the strength of t…
Islamic Republic's leader wears an atomic mushroom cloud on his head and claims he wants nukes for peaceful use!
Last night's HISTORIC  SOTU speech outlined the Trump Admin's record-setting accomplishments in year one - more than 2M new jobs, l… 
Exactly.They have aquiesced to the entry of masses of Islamic immigrants for fear of be…   aF
Because the fix was in with the judge..  obamagate  
Former Mossad agent praises German nationalist ultra-right pa y AfD - The Jerusalem Post    Israel
Morris into attack in place of Morkel.
Public Safety has lost of one its most ardent suppo ers. Tom Sorley, City of Houson. Chairman of PSAC for FirstNet, long… 
Banned for ‘hate preaching’ in various countries, Bilal Philips lectures in Pakistani university   
STAN HANSEN AND OLE ANDERSON ATTACK TERRY FUNK! 1982  
The Love for Pakistan is equal to the Hatred for India. Since our childhood, we have had a deep affinity for Pakistan as… 
03/02/2018  HAARP (⚠️Governments+TV=TERRORISTS⚠️)  
Radical Islam why Europe needs to mount a full frontal assault against it or risk going under   
“Islamophobes” are those who see endless heinous acts committed by Muslims in Islam’s name and can’t stay silent. Condemn…
Is it strange for you? Just count all those warmongers idiots terrorising the world who graduated from Harvard - cradl…
A significant chunk of arguments against Islam arising out of the Western sphere is about the overarching control Islam impo…
डरा हुआ मुसलमान।
Iam curios how you read your briefings when they are in russian and you barely understand spoken e…  

Muhammad Riyaz, a native of Kannur district, has been accused of forging documents to marry the woman and taking he…   
erDC So, let me get this straight. Obama weaponized the intelligenc…   
ipl   RSAvsIND Chris Morris, right-arm fast medium, comes into the attack 

Greene: When you come under moral attack from a clever enemy, do not whine or get angry; fight fire with fire. 
Global Jihad   group says it's behind Oslo blast, then retracts claim - CBS News   
Counter attack  
Today is  WorldCancerDay, a day when people unite and come together in the fight against cancer. We are  GettingToughO… 

London: Germany Opened 1,000 Investigations into Radical Islamic Extremists in 2017    
I liked a   video   subscribe our channel and listen true aqaid of islam...
111. double attack!  
Amid  War drums in the no h, Netanyahu says Israel not interested in fight   
NHRC will rise even frm drowning n Sea. Terrorists organizations fshud b made to ashes. All other optio…  
He was conve ed to islam  
German „Tagesschau“ repo ed that 1000 protestors demonstrated for an open society. And after that t…  
Despicable JRM  

It’s February in  Israel - which means the dese  blooms and gets all covered by red anemones ❤️🇮🇱
Islamic state of  Fulani  Nigeria plans to crack down on anyone found criticizing d govt
The latest The Palestinian Daily!   Thanks to    ufc226  terroris…
Even if they are Islamic?
usshark: All theft and damaged to infrastructure of trains and Universities must be classified as te…
Data for the  Byzantine cities destroyed by systematic pillaging of Seljuc and Turcoman raids. Two waves 11th-12th…  

My brother Raja Mehboob admitted in Iranian hospital CCU. Second hea  attack has happened 2 days back . Pray for him .
The people of  Afrin despite the killing and shelling by the  Turkish side , are now going out to the squares of th…   
That Obama is a hypocrite was already known, but now the monkey comes out of the sleeve. Next topic, this is old ne…   
The people of  Afrin despite the killing and shelling by the  Turkish side , are now going out to the squares of th…   
The attempt to soften ISIS Returnees    Foreign Terrorist Travellers   the description has TERRORIST in it! He i… 
Trump is right -- He and his campaign were victims of a political attack by the Justice Depa ment and FBI  
These people are surrounded on all sides and Erdogan has threatened to wipe them out and replace them with 'true' s…  
Funny how you mention the LW's 'love for Islam' when Theresa May literally sold arms to Saudis. And Tony Blair vote…  
BBC News - Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack   Like being in hell, he's on the slow burn 

Engage in the arguments, don’t attack the person 
The rush to embrace  EmergingTech has created more attack surfaces and new  risks for data that need to be offset b…  
Muslim Brotherhood isn't Iranian. Shia &amp; Sunni have been fighting each other…  
I'm attacked.😩  
Child Bride Attempts Self Immolation-Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy Interview  

A  TERRORIST! 😤😠 When I saw   trending, I was hoping the Bastard had gone to join His…   
the US is arming terrorists against natomallie Turkey, today in Afrin 8 Turkish soldiers were killed…   
Trump is right -- He and his campaign were victims of a political attack by the Justice Depa ment and FBI
What  metoo don't understand is that capitalism wants to include minorities in society only for exploiting more peo…  
These women in Syria take off their niqaab and the women  in Iran are protesting for freedom of choice  
You Can't Leave Mafia, 'er Islam....Safely --- Uganda: Conve  from Islam to Christianity says “The Muslims are try…   
Well DUH !!!!!!!!!!  
Armenian-American Who Helped Stop French Train Attack Stars as Himself in New Clint Eastwood Film  
After the presence of the agents of the system for the arrest of the Gondarya dervish pole, Dervish forced security guard… 
A leak into the attack 👌🏽
ALL the Ea hquake it's warning before Angels attack to Ea h &gt;&gt;  
Hea  attack
These reality denialists are pathetic. 😂😂😂 They will attack everyon…  
The people of  Afrin despite the killing and shelling by the  Turkish side , are now going out to the squares of the city… 
ATTACK ON BANGTAN
Funny how you mention the LW's 'love for Islam' when Theresa May literally sold arms to Saudis. And Tony Blair vote…  
This is just an excuse for jihad Emeka! The United States and many former Presidents have long ago recognized it as such. Incl…
Been in Manchester all night and on the road, only just seeing this. Agree entirely with Angela. We win no arguments this… 
Australian money is under attack from counterfeiters   via  
Madayag serves an ace...but follows it with an error. Domingo with her ace! Maraguinot attack goes long. 6-4 Ateneo…  
This is amazing  
Rohit Sharma is a good batsman, but why does he feels he needs to attack every bowl? Why does he feels every stadiu…   
Mom Dad Brother Sister i miss you so much  Syria nation of orphans  
Targeted  ISIS accounts
Corruption at its Highest Form&gt;   ISIS  Hezbollah   fastandfurious    ISIS…  
Targeted  ISIS accounts
Targeted  ISIS accounts
Many Injured As Thugs Attack APC Rally In Cross River    
THE FACE OF THE NEW MODEL IMPERIALISM: TERRORISM  
Muhammad Riyaz has been accused of forging documents to marry the woman and taking her to Saudi Arabia, for the pur…   
Modi announced countless bullet policy against  PakistanArmy at LoC even becoming PM of  India but forgets that  Pakista…
Huge game today!
Rebels consider new Idlib offensive as Syrian Army shifts focus to ISIS-held no heast Hama    ApsnyNews
A  panic attack occurs when your body experiences a rush of intense  mental &amp;  physical symptoms. Learn how we can help: ht…
Revenge
SO SAD FOR 2017  
How to resolve  islamophophobia?
Liberal logic
Easy solution: These people should move to an Islamic Country where they can hijab as much as they desire.
ave you ever played a strategy war game with a team of 25 players?   is a world like no other, full of war,… 
Attack on saboteurs at the Badswo h &amp; Bramham Moor hounds on Saturday. Chris Makin is the owner of    https…
Defeat twisted ideologies: Muslim World League chief: What is the US and Israel doing in the Islamic world? Is that…  
This is real feminism.  
Israel drones buzzing loudly and can be heard despite it being day time &amp;  Gaza is bustling. Kinda heard a deep explosion m…
Russian loses in Syria  
jinwoo and minhyuk attack dongmin, moonbin attack myungjun. sanha he's a just watching ....... 
Wigglytuff♀ Feint Attack/Dazzling Gleam (IV: 56% - CP: 551 - L: 11) until 05:19:50am  
You pick one person to attack the tax cuts? Fuck you, you elitist prick! How many Americans h…   
Islam is the way to live life
Stop denigrating the FBI you dumbass. If there was a terrorist attack tomorrow we would be looking…  
When will you go to  Syria?  There are many  children there and many  killed there.  Maybe you bring…  
Woke up to this. This is so fucked up  
Pokemon spotted near Landen (other)! Natu, 100.0% (15/15/15), Quick Attack / Night Shade 
Taliban fighters, whom US-led forces spent billions of dollars trying to defeat, are now openly active in 70% of Afghanist… 
&amp; idols both in Christianity &amp; Islam. Yet all religions hold several symbols as sacrosanct and inviolable. The Chri…  
What Would Happen if Terrorists Attacked the Super Bowl With Drones? - Foreign Policy (blog)   7GrJut
I liked a   video   How Annie Got A Crush On Eren | Attack On Titan: Junior High
EMP Attack Threat Is Real  Bo Hudson  gear  
Didnt say he was, but when vegito used as a final attack, it was definitely to destroy zamasu but his…   
Syria rejects  US claims on  chemicalweapon use  
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack   
😩😩😩😩I think I just had a mini hea  attack looking at that beautiful smile of yours😂
are ma yrs because you suppo  terrorists such as pkk-…  
Another Muslim?
Islam being made great again  
Actually, Trump has been terrifying the Left since he announced, he was running. Just loved his timing too; waited…   
22. seventeen's aegyo fan attack for show champion  
You ever stay up all night and hear weird shit out in the streets then all of the sudden you’re having an anxiety a…  
UK: Second Alpaca arrested over Buckingham Palace jihad terror attack   PJNET  FollowTheWhiteRabbit  
Corruption at its Highest Form&gt;   ISIS  Hezbollah   fastandfurious    ISIS  UraniumOneDeal…
Syria  Aleppo  No hernAleppo
there is no Muslim terror. the u.s. police kill more citizens than Muslims, BLM &amp; kneelin…   
I watched Revenge of The Sith last night.  It was much better being watched as a one off film than watching it stra…  
accurate AF. This was me and my mates in high school  terrorism
The word 'Islamophobia' ws created by  Islamists   to silence Muslims who want to cleanse Islam o…
attack on the pin-up boys aka the best movie of 2007 aka please give suju another movie  
Israelis target ISIS fighters in Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact  
It turned out Bitto was a good spo  and made no big deal of his fa  attack  DoubleWahala  
, repeat after me   White Radical Extremist Domestic Terrorism  ....   
18). US BACKED Free Syrian army group shoots down Russian jet and then kills pilot…  
Seven Turkish soldiers have been killed in an offensive against Kurdish militia in Syria, including five who died i…   
A 18-year-old needed in association with an attack amid a  Charlottesville,  Virginia, racial oppressor occasion pr…   
Islam has destroyed the history of Egypt.  BillWarnerPhD  
When did the Democrats become a bigger threat to the U.S. than ISIS and the Taliban?
Footage shows heroic Kurdish  YPJ and   YPG fighters in Bilbîle district , Afrin . 
Real peace doves and to me real heroes Happily we see more and more followers
Add us on Snapchat today for Inspirational, motivational and Islamic quotes. 
The mouthpiece of terrorism speaks. By their friends you will judge them
Ground Reality is :- Since ISLAM's Bi h in 7th Century ..... A Muslim is Always A Muslim 1st.…
Shami Chakraba i refers to anti-Semites using the term ‘Zionist’ to attack Jews as “sloppy language”. No, Shami. It’s not ‘… 
Israel: The first round of notices, which gives asylum seekers from  Eritrea and  Sudan 60 days to leave, will be…   
Sumerian ceremonial gold dagger with scabbard, handle made of lapis lazuli. 
The Syrian air defense are maintaining close air-suppo  of the offensive Syria
Social media is under threat - remember Blair's one sided extradition treaty with usa aimed at terrorists officiall…  
Majestic Shrine of Lal Shahbaz Qalandar in Sehwan,  Sindh,  Pakistan before the terror attack on Thursday. Beautiful. End… 
First video of MANPADS launch that hit and downed Russian Su-25 over Syria. The pilot didn't even deploy flares.  
Change of bowling from the Pavilion End, Chris MOrris into the attack. India 26/1 with Dhawan and Virat at the crease  MomentumODI 
FUCK CHRISTIANITY   = woke 
In the last 2 months, there hasn’t been a single convoy of life-saving relief, medical supplies, food to any besieged area,… 
mountain  snow  wild  landscape limitless...... what else you  dream in  winters
A  Palestinian mother defending her child from the Zionist occupation army who wants to arrest this child ....
Another case in point. High ranking figures in  Afghanistan's government and army keep repeatedly getting caught using  Fak…
You gave me a 2 seconds hea  attack
Our latest piece comes from one third of  , a  Glasgow based trio that is taking the Diaspora head on. Read… 
Can we check the real intention of bombing the village. Who ordered the attack, the pilot, etc. Who the a… 
More than 64% of the world's wetlands have been lost since 1900.
Breaking  Iran
Wow. If the question was about ISIS then he just offended every ethnic group that has ever come to Canada. People co…
It is not CAR JIHAD, in accordance with  Australia government it is   CAR MENTAL ILLNESS    islamicterrorist…   
I just liked the At least 30 terrorists killed as Russia responds to downing of Su-25 fighter jet video on YouTube!  
Islamic Republic of  Iran arrest 29 women for appearing in public without hijab, whilst  feminists in the West have a   wo… 
Including the Russian state sponsored cyber terrorism! Which conveniently went under the carpet beca…  
Keep trying ...
yVillage017:  Pakistan Having a blast in  swat
Sins of the father...  
We Planned To Attack Ondo - Arrested Boko Haram Suspect   via    
Hahahaha. This life. Ex muslims obsessed with Islam. Southerners obsessed with Buhari. I don’t get, why fixate on that which you dislike. 
As you can see, Garo-oh’s ability increases his power and gives him Double Attack. 
The  Manchester Case
Pakistan  map and  AlJazeera news channel map
Yet to see you attack Mogg for the lies he has told about the Treasury. Baker has apologised why not Mogg.
This is real feminism.  
Amber Rudd: Jacob Rees-Mogg 'wrong' to attack civil service    IHea Politics
Peace and Blessings on you Oh Muhammad (P.B.U.H)
Jho with two attack errors. FEU down 5-6, timeout ADMU 
Rebels consider new  Idlib offensive as Syrian Army shifts focus to  ISIS-held no heast  Hama    …
Only a matter of time before terrorism is utilising this technique...
How can you be a champion of equality for women when you completely ignore the blatant discriminati…  
U can’t just announce it like that boys I almost had a hea  attack  TwitterBestFandom  TeamGOT7
please suppo   raising this issue and lets educate this to people.a simple thing can make a big d…  
Strongly condemn the terrorist attack on  Army Unit in  SWAT in which Our 11 brave soldiers embraced ma yrdom my hea f…
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack   
a second Trump Administration will be in position to attack rural and many urban druggers in Mexico,…   
According to the Koran, The most seve…   
U can’t just announce it like that boys I almost had a hea  attack  TwitterBestFandom  TeamGOT7
' Trump was made President by God' says anti- LGBT anti- Islam US evangelical preacher…  
Retweeted Emeka Gift ( ):
Abyss
What on ea h is happening? Open call to violence on  . Amazingly, it features Tina Dabi as well who topped UPSC… 
US warns countries against aiding terrorists trying to obtain nuclear weapons    
Change of bowling from the Pavilion End, Chris MOrris into the attack. India 26/1 with Dhawan and Virat at the crease  Mom… 
Amid  War drums in the no h, Netanyahu says Israel not interested in fight   
Commandos of  Afghan  army use  MSFV  armoured to fight  ISIS terrorists  
stop glorifying these women who used violence and bombs to fu her a political aim. The IRA did the sa…  
humanrights please  Mohammad_Ali_Taheri.
Who authorized Turkey to do this? Again they are about to wipe out a people just because they class…  
Labour pa y today:
The difference between Greeks and Italians immigrating to Canada is that they’re not MURDERERS unlike ISIS!
Budd1     You…  
There's not a day that goes by without Muslims and others telling us that   Islam means peace  , because unlike the truth,… 
Turksh governal authorities call for jihad and reorganize all jihadist gangs against Kurdish secular territory  Efrin
The world's can't keep ignoring whats going on with Turkish invasion and bombing in Afrin…  
Canadians who volunteered to fight FOR ISIS are compared by   to Greek and Italian immigrants to Canada w…
porkistan is now a  terrorists hub.
so many soldiers! Profoundly sad image of teeny boy &amp; his daddy. Oh Unholy  Israel, what are you doing in y… 
So. Let's get this right. He allows thousands of people into Canada fleeing ISIS. Now tha…  
Exactly how can you attack a group on a personal level?  
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is Mus…
Puppet Masters: The  WhiteHelmets:  Channel4,  BBC,  TheGuardian are the architects of 'humanitarian war' suppo in…   
Kind of hard to point fingers, claiming others of disrespect, when Trump and his co-conspirators openly attack our…   
BREAKING: Turkish-backed forces capture the village of Haj Bilal.  Afrin  Syria  
The Iranian gestapo could not stop the uprising. Iran  Iranprotests  NO2Rouhani  FreeIran  RegimeChange…  
And in fact, left their women and children at home to fend for themselves   
What kind of stupidity is this????  
TOP 10 SONGS OF THE WEEK (AUSTRALIA) - February 3, 2018 AUSTRALIAN CHA S!    usa music war   
I can’t lie I’m very nervous about this game. I hate when we play Liverpool especially in Anfield. I hope Poch isn’…  
Only the  PPP has experience in handling both the US &amp; our own domestic terrorism issue. In our last government we laun…
Quran is the Islamic text  ep3_M&amp;S  
The rush to embrace  EmergingTech has created more attack surfaces and new  risks for data that need to be offset by d…
I just gave myself a hea  attack thinking that tomorrow as in when I wake up would be Monday &amp; id have to go to wo…  
This is another kind of cold war  Russia  Syria  USA
Singapore worries, &amp; prepares for terrorist attack 
Hea  Attack.
Real Feminism. An elderly woman in  Iran joins the protest against forced  hijab.
So much love for the forces tht BJP-PDP frees stone pelters attack our soldiers in Kashmir. What kind of nationalism is this…
Remember “Whoever innovates something in this matter or ours (I.e Islam) which is not pa  of it, will have it rejected”. 
Besieged Eastern  Ghouta faces third chemical weapons attack in less than a month, via   
I think I’m having a hea  attack
Amber Rudd: Jacob Rees-Mogg 'wrong' to attack civil service   via    
Oh. Only 500.
This means there have been at least 3 terrorist attacks or attempted attacks by attendees of white supremacist rally in Ch…
Lawyer   who had 20 AAP MLAs disqualified, faces social media embarrassment for past tweets targetting Islam…   
Trump's unpopularity remains stubbornly in the 54.5% range.
People from all over the world are sending books to help rebuild a library burned down by ISIS   https:…
Just wrote my  PhD thesis dedication:
You can bet the Eagles and Patriots have a list of  footballplays that they can go right to that attack a specific…  
Valentine day is Haram in Islam.
I have written a lengthy a icle on the crimes committed against the  Serbs by the US, the UK, NATO and the EU and how the W… 
👻 Ghosthunters  isispigs  opisis
haha.. it's already in play.. 🎴  

It is Turkey Army together with FSA, ISIS an Al QAEDA. Want destroying ASSAD   . Erdogan call it jihad   
Syria 🇸🇾 - Battle for  Idlib -  AbuDuhur -
One simple fact is that the shard cosmology of all religions, from Christianity to th…   
Guys the people who literally harbored ISIS inside their own country, let them pour through their borders freely for over 2 year… 
TwitterBestFandom  TeamEXO  SoompiAwards   EXO-L Hea  attack
Iran: Continued Protests by Deprived People in Different Cities. Iranprotests  FreeAllProtesters…  
When did the Democrats become a bigger threat to the U.S. than ISIS and the Taliban?
China has been killing many Muslims in Uighur Autonomous Region. We should dismiss China from permanent member of the UN.  Iran
👻 Ghosthunters  isispigs  opisis
ed sheerans music is like psycho jennys psycho attack
y:   Which pa  of islam is your favourite, the animal cruelty, the paedophilia, the… 
As of Feb. 2, companies can now stake mining claims on tracts removed from Utah's Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante… 
Jigglypuff ♂ Feint Attack/Disarming Voice (IV: 89% - CP: 557 - L: 28 until 06:18:54am.  
Syria  Idlib  Syria  Idlib  Edlib  Edleb  Idleb Syrian Civilan Posted on This Tiger Forces Commander's Repo  from ton…
Is it really weird that Western feminists and ISIS love the same thing?  …  
French Intelligence Agencies Knew of Islamic Radical Who Beheaded Priest, But Did Not Act   
When the Enugu Farmers fought back against the Foolani herdsmen, the Farmers were arrested but never the Foolani herdsmen who did the attack 
Have you had your words Mr   on the proposal of Grand Mufti on the Separate Nation... Isn't your duty to…  
Is that it? The funny facial hair point and a meme that shows May is largely libe arian. No mention of the Left's authori…
The democratic self- Administration in Afrin calls on the State of the Russian Federation to back down from its sup…  
The special Hindu temple at Kha Maung Seik. It was in some of the nearby villagers where Bengali Muslims ARSA terrorists exe…
Afrin offensive: seven Turkish soldiers die in Syria   &gt; where is the international outrage a…  
Amber Rudd: Jacob Rees-Mogg 'wrong' to attack civil service  
A nice looking nymph coming to you soon from Flash Attack Flies.  troutflies  troutfishing  FlyFishing…  
z She’s been living in the West only a handful of years and her English doesn’t seem great. Also…  
So long as Islam does not permit dissent &amp; remains in the stranglehold of half-literate Mullahs, this will continue…   
RedFlag : we did not induce TD to attack Denis O'Brien.  
So Pakistan High Commision in Delhi ( ) is granting official visa to Kashmiri terrorists for getting trained in…
All you need to know is that all those pundits suppo  some of these clubs.... That's why it's easy for…  
How the Attack in Nice Unfolded - Video -    
Pentagon Just Admitted There’s ‘No Evidence’ of Syrian Gas Attack, Threatens War Anyway   via…   
Yet suppo s guns being freely available, opposes laws and buys influence. Tens of…   
beourvoice  , Pls, be the voice for Syrian besieged voices in  EasternGhouta, bombed by  Assad/ Putin Take a selfie i… 
The plague is Isis
Why still Isis flags are used by Isis Islamic terrorism suppo ers financed by Pakistan, Then hate sp…   
How to identify every type of  phishing attack    CyberSecurity  InfoSec  
Just had a full Amazing Race moment with   trying to get to the Akron airpo  - Uber driver was late, go…   
Turkish government wants to block the Twitter account of german FDP politician   and Dutch Kurdistan / Rojava e…
Jst bcos u're a muslim does not mean u knw evrytn abt Islam. Go bck 2 Islamic skuls &amp; learn more abt ur deen...👌👌👌
yVillage017: 3 ISIS style beheadings of Hindu men in India in last 4 days:
Many Injured As Thugs Attack APC Rally In Cross River    
Hea  attack💘💓  TwitterBestFandom  SoompiAwards  TeamNUEST  TeamNUESTW  
I think even that’s debatable tbh. The things Ramsey does in the attack, so few CM’s in the enti…   
MIDNIGHT MEMORIES
RegimeChange Is the Only Hope for the People of  Iran (And the Region).  IranProtests  IranUprising   
unfo unately Nigel I have a friend of mine who’s so far right like you it’s a same and I hate the far left an…  
erDC It's not about colour…  
Life before death &amp; Life after death both are Guided by Islam
Analysis:   picks out some of the key factors in Ireland's attack ahead of the France clash.  
*Pretends to be shocked*  
International arms watchdog finds that most ISIS weaponry was purchased by the United States and Saudi Arabia before bein…
WHAT IS THIS MINHO ATTACK MY HEAR CANT TAKE THIS.
.So here's the answer, he meant coming back to Canada, having been Canadian…   
The Chants of “Death to ٫Khamenei, Death to the Dictator” in Ahvaz and a Number of Other Cities. Iran  FreeIran…   
Not really. I think terrorism is disgusting behaviour, but I…   
*pretends to be shocked*  
talking about Islam then...  
Former UK justice secretary on London terror attack    
Jual  buku  sosial  politik  ideologi  agama  islam  demokrasi  indonesia   
Yoshi: Down Air Attack
Erm... And Just goes to show...    BDS
You will not be pleasantly  surprise.☺  
This is REAL feminism. Not you fat, ugly, dyed hair messes that sit at home eating junk food and whining about Da …   
Noam Chomsky: If Trump Falters with Suppo ers, Don't Put 'Aside the Possibility' of a 'Staged or Alleged Terrorist Attack'… 
Seriously, why you keep using that shit?. Uninstall it asap and use html5 multimedia capabilities: Attackers Exploi…   
It's when, not if:  Singapore worries, and prepares, for  militant attack 
Rakhmat Akilov confessed that he killed five Swedes in terrorist attack in Stockholm last year.
Beyond Boundaries: ‘Mera Yakeen Kareen’, an Indian poet’s ode to the children killed in Peshawar school terror attack, 
After Hindu outrage,   shows some humanity. 
You've made my point, it's easy to mock and attack but look at what we have at the moment. The Tori…   

I wonder how many in the remains of ISIS are ordering your boring “not flamethrowers”. And I don’t mean i…  
Oh my  God, our hea  beat was stopped, and this beaty of  Pakistan  mountains 
Question - 'how many bullets and bombs  Turkey shot against  ISIS in 6 years and how many against  kurd and arab people in  A…
In fact, india is training and launching terrorists from Afghanistan into Pakistan under the garbs of daesh, alqayida,… 
Syria Lead by my Favorite Commander in the Syrian War. Ali Taha.
Black Pearl &amp; Hea  Attack
I got hea  attack
Why silent while  genocide  war in  Ambazonia  FreeSisikuAyukTabe  FreeAllArrested  …
s:  Syria is de facto occupied by NATO (first of all - by  USA &amp;  Turkey). It's unable to save the country without return…
Del Toro wins top DGA prize for The Shape of Water    pakistan  news
HEA  ATTACK
Indonesia's mainstream pa ies won't risk Islamic backlash over laws to criminalize gay, unmarried sex   
What you condemn is your perception and what I condemned is a reality. You believe like Isl…  
Judge will not punish victims' father for trying to attack Nassar  
.  The U.S. is extremely concerned about the another repo  of the use of chlorine gas by the Syrian regime to…
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Disarming Voice (IV: 98% - CP: 343 - L: 17 until 06:21:14am.  
It's when, not if: Singapore braces for militant attack... 
Muslim World League Chief: Exclusionary Ideologies Generate Violence, Terrorism - Asharq Al-awsat English   
he not a politician Derek. he's a globalist Islam conve  who uses the Muslim Brotherhood to…
Its now obvious that the need to try and destroy JR Mogg as he is now a threat to the status quo they want.…
any 1 going to pakistan ,syria , fm any airpo  nee…   
Iran: A  woman prisoner sentenced to 7.5 years in prison. Iranprotests  FreeAllProtesters  HumanRights   …
look at this attack.. it was on  dbz126 when everybody on stage was fighting.. and judging by it's color…  
It is impossible for the state to prevent every attack, esp., suicide attacks. Remember Capt. Roohullah of 3 Cdo Bn who… 
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 218.23.223.157  
Terrorists🇶🇦🇮🇷 buy you so we do not care about your opinion or your questions  
Trump's stated position against Terrorism is strong. Obama during second term just sat on his hands. ISIS gained power and vi…
@ _com Save  Biafra from the barbarians / Islamic government of Nigeria
ABSOLUTELY AGREE ANNA!! WELL SAID!!~👍❤️👏  
I’m neither “ Trump &amp; his friends at Bretiba ” but you deserve every attack coming your way. Blockin…  
Pete ownsend7: Cue the 'Get Islam of the hook Playbook'  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot…  
I'm seeing replies like ''I'm waiting the BTS fans to attack you   things like that. Umm hello we're focused on voti… 
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Dazzling Gleam (IV: 84% - CP: 497 - L: 26 until 06:21:27am.  
Turkey has 'no interest in occupying any pa  of  Syria’    
Hada DBank: The First Blockchain-Based Islamic Bank via /r/BlockChain  
So, anyone nominating Peshmerga for Nobel as well? The only teammate who stood against Daesh until the end, restori…   
Absolutely disgraceful proposal. Is there to be an attack on anything we have which migh…  
Sad to hear that 11  PakArmy soldiers embraced Ma yrdom after sucide Attack in  Swat. May ALLAH grant patience to their Fa…
Syria  Syrian  SyrianArmy  SyrianArabArmy  SyrianArmedForces Photos Taken Today During The graduation ceremony of the…
Some of these tweets about  GerryAdams on the  Marr Show is like they want the troubles back in the no h of irelan…  
Turkey says Assad must go 'at some point'  pakistan  uk  texas
Do you really think u can create a potential market in  Maldives to sell your weapons. This is what US has been d…
This piece of crap got published at GVS (shocker, right?) 
And   overstepped his bounds by instituting it outside the proper channels. Liberals lov…  
Wicket keeper batsman   and fast bowler   off to  HongKong  to play  HkT20 Blitz.…  
I added a video to a   playlist   Attack on Titan Ost La la la [Attack on Dina]
If the  PYD/  PKK terror group does not leave  Syria's  Manbij,  Turkey will move there and towards east of Euphrat…   
Quite right Anne, it’s the reason thousands of UKIP suppo ers dese ed UKIP over the last 6 months.  Refusing to s…   
God bless our  PolishHEROES of  LawAndJustice who say   because  Germany is guilty of…  
A terrorist and a terrorism suppo er -  fits well with the modern BBC.
Underwater panic attack was an experience today.
God bless our  PolishHEROES of  LawAndJustice who say   because  Germany is guilty of invad…
Islam sucks
If I were Trump, I'd only shake Khan's right hand.  In Islam, the left hand is toilet tissue. 
securityaffairs   Distributed Guessing Attack to hack VISA cards in just six seconds 
Money  Banksters  Government  Home  News  Oil  Religion  War  Economy 
Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack  
In visit,  Minniti “perceived the  US’ desire to rely on  Rome” re  Libya’s stability. The  Trump Adm apparently sees  Italy… 
If there is no evidence, you would neither attack investigators nor fire Comey, Mueller or Rosenst…   
300 companies giving bonuses up to $3,000 to 3 MILLION workers. That's not 'crumbs!' 
Jho with two attack errors. FEU down 5-6, timeout ADMU | via   
Why do celebrities holiday in this Islamic hellhole of a country ?  They can't claim ignorance.
They can score more than their xG and lose but in that eventuality, making (relatively) silk purses fro…   
We are from at D   NOW, calling     , to push  Iran regime  . W… 
Dear  World, 
Sharp attack from Jho!  ALLINAteneo
6: The Sectarian Milieu: Content And Composition of Islamic Salvation H    
what about the droid attack on the wookiees?
Sr advocate Giri refers computer generated bill of hospital which refers Neuro surgery bill contrary to the fact that…
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is…  
Iran says Jerusalem 'unchangeable' capital of Palestine
This is REAL feminism. Not you fat, ugly, dyed hair messes that sit at home eating junk food and whining about Da …   
no fan is better than anyone but there are fans who are more knowledgeable than some and for others to just simply…  
hard right   😂😂    .. that would be your Labour suppo ing workers No h of the Islington chattering classes . You…   
What you condemn is your perception and what I condemned is a reality. You believe like Isl…  
kamp: Meanwhile in US great ally of Saudi, saying you're an atheist in public can cost you imprisonment, flogging, fines...ma… 
What happens after +20 years of concentrated media telling a people they are under attack by others, in one form or…   
Super Bowl city was home to dozens of ISIS, other terror suspects - NBC News   
GIVE MY SON HIS FIVE MINUTES 🗣  
listen to hea  attack and new
For drug dealers and other serious brutal crime. The extreme Islamic groups force the go…  
erDC It's not about colour…  
Hea  attack!!! 😱💙
Are there any British institutions that you brexit lunatics won't attack in your crusade to destroy our economy?
Wigglytuff♂ Feint Attack/Play Rough (IV: 78% - CP: 1561 - L: 30) until 05:22:10am  
You mean to say love-jihad, right? 
ALLINAteneo Sharp attack by jho
It's an irony, mainstream Muslim population in  Pakistan actually does not consider Ahmadiyya Muslim's as even...   
Still talent hunt audition is going for  RohitSharma . Always struggle against quality bowling attack or overseas c…  
Poor choice moggy. For an HMG document it's actually one of the better ones. Housing, Brexit, drugs, prisons, educa…   
Yes because that won’t be made up to suit the UN’s agenda at all will it. Also it’s remark…  
Excellent thread  
source of terrorism    
How much hatered u have 4 hindus, 4 ankit ur mouth can't utter that killer r muslims, how can u as u got money from…   
Jho! Frontline attack!!
Why  PMModi is doing so ?   Where as   has extended his full suppo  to  Kasg…
I just had an anxiety attack bc the kitchen sink is clogged... washing dishes is my coping mechanism!!!
lmaoo there's nobody more obsessed with islam than the ex-muslim 😂  
Trump is right -- He and his campaign were victims of a political attack by the Justice Depa ment and FBI    FoxNews
I really don't understand what the fuss is about here. Terrorists operate outside   warzones   (and outside…   
NICE  
Syrian rebels have shot down a Russian jet for the first time. The pilot ejected but repo edly was dead by the time he hit…
elefiskaya: Turksh governal authorities call for jihad and reorganize all jihadist gangs against Kurdish secular territory  Efrin
Syrian refugees fleeing violence shot at and beaten at Turkish border,   says   via    Turkey… 
It hu s my hea  &amp; sickens my stomach that Europe has lost freedom of speech and losing their cultures to Islam.…
Farmer critical in ICU after attack on his farm, Broederstroom | South Africa Today   The daily attack… 
China accuses US of 'Cold  War mentality' over  Nuclear policy    
Don’t even worry about it , let them attack ! That’s all they can do! Make sure…   
We Only Attack Ourselves
ALMOST A FRONTLINE ATTACK BY MY BABY JHO!!!
FUCK IM OVER RACISM.. the worst thing is they attack you when u out having a good time with your family!. 👋🏻. Only probl…
Peston Chakraba i looking incredibly uncomfo able. I've never seen anyone blink that much in the opening minutes of her…
The world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bia…  
anxiety attack ashdosl
US Designates 2 Egyptian Groups as Terrorists, But Not The Muslim Brotherhood   via   
Muslim perve ed logic: stab a woman if she refuses to cater to your demands.
ANGOLA 1st Country To BAN! Radical ISLAM!, Destroys Mosques   via   
You keep trying to attack is for soaking online about things, and now you're getting emotional because I sha…   
I don't get it this constant need for   to change their Brexit stance when you should be get…  
Islam sucks
Tomorrow is the D-Dayyy!!!
They mirror Auschwitz victims also killed by world indifference.
Tibet and Taiwan are independent country. By the way why you people trade with them..?? Stop trade…  
One is doing it on an near genocidal scale and trying to justify it all through   human rights  . 
Russia Claims To Have Killed ISIS Leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi - Newsweek.... : World - Google News - howlDb  
porn Extreme sex Extreme xxx Stepmother Curves nsfw Attack video Daily Faith
Traffic generator, drive real human traffic to your website or blog!    blogging | Google SEO…   
Muslim World League Chief: Exclusionary Ideologies Generate Violence,  Terrorism - Asharq Al-awsat English   
i love them with all my hea . attack them? you'll catch this hands
attack jj. nobody’s given shade to joe for losing, everyone’s given them both respect so why don’t you all get yer…   
Hindi Imposition on non Hindi speaking states is nothing but Linguistic Terrorism  MakeMyLanguageOfficial  HindiModiBeda  ModiInBengaluru
Anxiety attack
Afghanistan publishes “undeniable” proof  IslamicState ,  Taliban  jihadis trained in  Pakistan   
iHea Awards  BestFanArmy  EXOL
Will you pleas help us spread the word about these courageous activists facing execution in Iran?  
Targeted  ISIS accounts
Dominic Raab refuses to condemn   ( BarmaidsIdeaOfAGentleman) for his outrageous, unjustified attack…   
Victims were not prepared for criminal attack, either before or after the event   Alwinco  Crime  Risk 
Trump's unpopularity remains stubbornly in the 54.5% range.
ALLINAteneo
And gradually   is tacitly suppo ing Islam,  conspicuously glossing over Mohammad's sordid and p…   
japantimes: It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack    roc 
Islamic lectures on Youtube are, really something else   
If we use small English comment those boys n gals go begin attack us now so let’s use obahiagbon…  
remember when tae was giving jimin a strip tease and jimin got a hea  attack cause he thought tae was actually going to ta…
@ _com I think Manchester should adopt shariah law like the rest of 'Britain gone mad'! UK is a confused state...a…  
BOKO HARAM NAME HAS CHANGED TO HERDSMEN....THIS BRITISH EVILL ISLAMIC NIGERIA MUST BE DESTROYED......ONE NIGERIA MY…  
Sweden’s former ”right-wing” Prime minister, increasingly losing his sanity with age.  svpol  israel 
In chelsea mass the feds need to sta  go on public bousings whers dominicans jookers m13 💉 gangs rapiests w isis hiden is danger the have
Iraq plans to increase production at its giant Majnoon oilfield to 450,000 bpd in three years, from 240,000 bpd now, an Ir… 
Pakistan should stand firmly like turkey but pakistani people are busy in looting county and to know about the 2018…  
Thought this was Kim Kardashian at first  
Marriage to Khadija and the Re-building Kaa'ba -   -  SeerahOfProphetMuhammedPBUH  ramadan…  
“‘Send in  troops ’: Calls to  protect  UK 🇬🇧 drivers from  Muslim  migrant  violence in  Calais
Sumerian ceremonial gold dagger with scabbard, handle made of lapis lazuli. 
Interesting. So we cut on impo ed disease prevention, terrorism prevention and law enforcement. Yeah. Well done Co…   
Obama spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is Musli…  
hea  attack is cute but idk abt an anthem n im on it
Tehran this morning, clashes btw  Iranian security forces &amp; Gonabadi dervishes! 
BOKO HARAM NAME HAS CHANGED TO HERDSMEN....THIS BRITISH EVILL ISLAMIC NIGERIA MUST BE DESTROYED......ONE NIGERIA...  
It's when, not if - Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack. Singapore?? Is there anywhere on Ea h th…   
Interesting new danger area created bij IRAD just above  Semnan's SLV area
Dr. Noor Ali Tabandeh, a leading figure of the Dervish Gonabadi community 
Culture, a , justice, knowledge and the constant evolution and improvement thereof through science, technology and self-… 
As Trump/Russia investigation continues to pick up steam, watch Trump’s comments regarding No h Korea escalate. There… 
Week 29th January 2018A reminder of some of this weeks  Warcrimes in  Syria  
Facebook please take note NOW. This is terrorism!  
Italy drive-by attack targets immigrants in Macerata    
The truth of 2018 is not that of 1878, Turkey, Iran, Russia and Syria have a common enemy and that is the United St…   
New post (5717 panic attack) has been published on MAKE MONEY BEST OFFERS -    
Ack! There’s that blush on Cy-
BACKROW ATTACK Y’ALL
Are they from Ikea?  
Dave says that repo  says that the judge was brought in Shi  Pant belt shoes . A person who sleeping and suffers hea…
If You Hesitate In Suppo ing The Iranian Uprising After This Then Your Hea  Is Of Stone!  Iran  Iranprotests…  
I've never tested  NEGATIVE I've always…  
First ones to attack people? The reason Swifties “attack” is because Stan Twitter is CONSTANTLY coming for Taylor? And we men…
History will judge these guilt-ridden White feminists as having practised the worst form of racism in demanding freedom for…
ahh now we see why you have chosen this attack vector.
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack.    
BACK ROW ATTACK 😭😭😭😭
Dictatorial State terrorism atop
Madam   Ankit was brutally murdered not because he was in love with a Muslim girl but because he was a HINDU. What st…
That's like saying you are against murder but not murderers…  
Charlatan Fiyaz Mughal won't be very happy with these comments
Ya got that right bring it on bitch  fight 😠
please take care of this  
Welcome to America, Terrorists! Right This Way for Student Visas!:   
Syrian rebels down Russian plane, kill pilot  Syria  Russia   
The French Army Eyes All-New Fleet of Light Attack Airplanes
Back row attack again!!!!
They were killing British members of public on our streets but hey one mans terrorist is a…  
Bro i been telling myself every day imma go to the doctor be feeling like im finna have a hea  attack 😭☹️🙄
These guys are terrorists and Buhari and all his security chiefs are solidly behind them.
JIA IS SO HAPPY FROM BACK ROW ATTACK OF MARAGUINOT  ALLINAteneo
So ....  UAE expo s to  Iran increased by 42% &amp; 18% in terms of value &amp; volume respectively, during the last 10-mo…   
What's Pakistani media did for  PashtunLongMarch in  Islamabad? nothing, shame on  Pak media, thanks to social medi…   
Russian  fighter jet  shot down in Syria  russia  syria  media    
The latest Terrorism!   Thanks to  tcot  pjnet
The same FGN refused to dialogue with IPOB that had no single record of violence.Special wisdom isnt needed to establis…
Israeli Soldiers Demolish 2 Classrooms In Abu Nuwwar  Bedouin Community– IMEMC News    
The 'Cloak &amp; Dagger' Attack That Bedeviled Android For Months  
It's an absurd asse ion to make, Vegans wouldn't have the energy to become terrorists. 
Pakistani Taliban claim attack that killed 11 soldiers  
It’s when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack   
Hea  attack!!! 😱💙
TwitterBestFandom  TeamBTS  
FSA Suleyman Shah group in Hac Bilal village that was liberated from YPG.
Can you even imagine our NHS losing over 820 doctors and nurses?
Things may get worse. The Islamic groups really hate us, gay community.. 
who cares ? They achieved nothing in Idlib. Look the time sheet FSA vs SAA :
Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack | ❤️    I'm glad it's going slowly - you don't deserve a bullet.   ❤️…   
Turkey says Assad must go 'at some point'  pakistan  uk  texas
Next unrests will be by the poor
Back row attack on point 🤘
Hey, I'm in US.  I'll gladly welcome our Alien overlords.   
Repo s indicate  VidaMovahed, arrested during  IranProtests for taking off her scarf in public, has been released. 
2 Months for Attack on Titan season 3! Whose excited?
Back-row attack‼️  UAAPSeason80Volleyball
The World is seeing Qatar as a source of money not as a respectful country !
Among the early conve s to Islam was Zaid Ibn Khattab
GOOSEBUMPS SA BACKROW ATTACK NI JHO
The only 'blistering' attack Piers Morgan ever launched was the one depicted in this ca oon
Diplomatic interests vs. moral considerations
Belies believe that the welfare of a piece of scum shit like Ca er Page is so impo ant 2 Reps that any hint of improprie…
G/Morning Sir
Murder of  AnkitSaxena is condemnable. Those who are abusing Islam and Muslims should know that the girl's family has commi…
We're very happy to become an Accredited Training Pa ner for   , World's leading  CyberSecurity training company! 
Can you help us by publishing this link to help raise Awareness of the suffering in  Syria
Jhoana Maraguinot from another powerful backrow attack!  ALLINAteneo
Gee it’s almost as if Allah was created by man..  
ISIS is not Islam
I see how easy and free it is to see these Jews females make mockery of Jesus and Christianity .sa…  
Corbyn, McDonald and Abbott all three are very very dangerous people,they represent everything we don’t… 
Amber Rudd: Jacob Rees-Mogg 'wrong' to attack civil service    
BACK ROW ATTACK AT ZONE 1!!! GO JHO!!!  ALLINAteneo
Italy attack targets African migrants    
Russia says it may have killed ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi |    
Boost your sales with AUTOMATED WEB TRAFFIC    HomeBusiness | Digital…  
Bollywood_StopVulgarity
needle in the case of an atomic attack did not only diversify its command centers over numerous idol.
JihadistTurkishState Who wants the turkey in european union? Only Germany suppo ter Jihadist  
Amber Rudd: Jacob Rees-Mogg 'wrong' to attack civil service…  
i had a panic attack n i just wanna go back home
hPutinKGB: The supreme a  of war is not to attack your enemy’s institutions but to have him attack them for you.
We should be seeing headlines about a terrorist attack. Why are right wi…  
No white hats  really ? Why does Corbyn attack the western powers but not the regime or P…  
Turns out she was joking... ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME!? YOU GAVE ME A HEA  ATTACK!
Few Hours after Zoo President   announced that His Government won’t tolerate anymore Killings by  FulaniHerdsmen TE…
Remember when the feminists used to stand for equality?  
Nazis who waited until end of   speech to come attack protesters include members of the Traditionalist Worker Pa y, and… 
ICYMI,  Israel has been (repo edly) carrying out secret airstrike campaign in  Sinai to help  Egypt in its battle…   
Our PROPHET PBUH never hit a women
It’s a no-go zone for Jews,gays and any public celebrations that aren’t Islamic 
Israel: The first round of notices, which gives asylum seekers from  Eritrea and  Sudan 60 days to leave, will be issued to… 
Italy attack targets African migrants  
Brave, very brave women. They will overcome   
Thanks for the mention thaar:  
Good lord!!!  
Thanks for the mention thaar:  
Congress what Kashmir Pandits and SARDAR killed during terriorest attack by Congress of India in the year 1984
They playing. The dog (and dem) was too calm if she really wanted t…  
Israel sta s issuing depo ation notices to African asylum seekers    
'My Daughters Are the Heroes.' Father of 3 Victims Apologizes for Trying to Attack Larry Nassar…  
FIFA World Cup Trophy arrives in Lahore, Pakistan  FIFA  WorldCup  Pakistan 
…  
This is the result of 40 years mullah's rule in  Iran
DailySunnah
Western Islam is pure myth.
Okay! Na now I understand the logic.... notin do you bruh carry go  
And the real insult in those comments by  
h WHAT?
Yemeni army inflicts heavy losses on Houthi terrorists in Taiz  
USA places new sanctions on the  Iranian backed  Lebanese  Hezbollah  terror organization who run  drugdealing and…  
Soldiers of  Yemen's internationally recognized government and militiamen are taking pa  in the fighting. They say Saud…
Feb 4 -  Tehran,  Iran Today 
The uprising scares Ahmad Khatami, says protesters are rebels and must be executed  Azerbaijan  pakistan  Canada 
Anxiety attack
Middle attack by Maraguinot!!!!💙💙💙💪💪
Wicket! FT 1-0. Shock result up in Kilmarnock, and a shock wicket down in Adelaide as Smith brings himself in to th…   
This is awful.  I only met him that evening - Ant was in the Travs with a mutual friend of ours. Please help if you…  
VIDEO - Trump Jr: The Obama Admin ‘Weaponized’ the FBI and DOJ to ‘Attack’ the ‘Duly Elected President’  
Respect to all women fighting ISIS!  
Saudi press today:  Yemen VP “We’re close to victory..85% of Yemen is in our hands”. Hard to credit
CAMILIZERS ATTACK
* sends a package to   *
Hawaii man who sent ale  says he was   100 percent sure   attack was real 
Under Construction Hazara Motorway  Havellian/  Abbottabad Interchange near Khota Qabar.
DN. The home of  FakeNews  
Bollywood_StopVulgarity
you cannot grasp the true form of eirin's attack!
At least Hungary and Poland aware of the real and present danger of Islam destroying thous…  
First we should Raise war against  Pakistan after then  India
German government tight-lipped on threat of Islamic extremism in the Balkans   via  
It’s when, not if - Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack   
It’s when, not if - Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack   
You would never get 27 countries to agree in time to repel an attack.  Russians would be in Brussels…  
Tolentino attack error. 9 all  UAAPSeason80Volleyball
DT Sac: ♀Shuppet 100.0% (15/15/15) 748CP L30 Feint Attack/Night Shade until 03:10:16am (15m 40s)  
DT Sac: ♀Shuppet 100.0% (15/15/15) 748CP L30 Feint Attack/Night Shade until 03:10:16am (15m 40s)  
DT Sac: ♀Shuppet 100.0% (15/15/15) 748CP L30 Feint Attack/Night Shade until 03:10:16am (15m 40s)  
BBC News - Amber Rudd: Jacob Rees-Mogg 'wrong' to attack civil service  
After this latest attempt of recused   working w the White House to attack our Intel agencies and expose state s…
BREAKING: Turkish-backed forces capture the village of Haj Bilal.  Afrin  Syria  
Don’t forget guys, Islam means peace ok.  Say it!   
These barbaric cases of Muslim terrorism are increasing rapidly..
Rather odd isn’t it Swedish and other females are in the vanguard for open borders and welcoming Islam,the radic… 
Ca oon:  Iran Reformist garb  
hurry Up !!! Zero Fees  IOTA  DBIX  BTC  USD  ETH  ethereum  Dubai  SaudiArabia  XRP  cryptocurrency  JNT
TwitterBestFandom  TeamEXO  
The latest The Fabrice Jolivet Daily!   Thanks to    isis  child
Dominic Raab refuses to condemn   ( BarmaidsIdeaOfAGentleman) for his outrageous, unjustified attack on civil… 
Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack |    I'm glad it's going slowly - you don't deserve a bullet.   | Brav…   
Consumer forums mostly remain shut as the system suppo s looters for maintaining  political hype rophy. Gov in co…  
Can you supply a link?
ATTACK ON BANGTAN
This war criminal/terrorist should have been put in a bagram and waterboarded so he can get a taste of what he dished…
Maraguinot finds the corner...but follows it with a low serve. Tolentino attack not over. Basas gets an ace! 10-9 F…  
True horror story: When you attack a ghost female swordman, thinking she's just an ordinary ghost but turns out she…   
Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD), the political wing of the banned Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT), which was involved in the November 20…   
Syria so she did blow herself up then  
Tens of thousands in  Afrin today marched to protest  Turkey's aggression against the besieged region in no hwest  Syria…
absolutely to even suggest sending a taxi in an emergencyu on a journey of 28 miles down winding roads is b…  
EU Brussel is pro Islam. They also say also nothing about Genocide on KURDS in AFRIN.
Great examples of strong women.  
In 2016 my beloved cousin was defending Iraq against ISIS. He was kidnapped and burnt alive by ISIS Jihadists. My uncles a…
Love them both. Our 2 most impo ant players if you ask me. Both make us tick and function in attack.
Maybe if they weren't making payments to terrorists they could afford a littl…
Amid  War drums in the no h, Netanyahu says Israel not interested in fight 
Download the Full Attack Continuum Whitepaper Recent changes in hacking combined with th    cloud  colo  datacenter
Afrin offensive: seven Turkish soldiers die in Syria  
Pakistan is regularly sending trained Isis Islamic terrorist in Kashmir &amp; other pa s of India, Yes P…   
What is it going 2 take for  Congress 2 wake up?
If you’re interested in listening to all of the episodes of my McTagga  Attack Podcast, you can click on the link below and ha… 
The uprising scares Ahmad Khatami, says protesters are rebels and must be executed  Azerbaijan  p… 
Turksh governal authorities call for jihad and reorganize all jihadist gangs against Kurdish secular territory…  
What a place for the  Zionist entity to be in!: It suppo s jihadis in  Syria and bombs jihadis in  Egypt - both do…  
One   member bombing  Kurds civilians and the rest are silent...!!! So is…  
People who shoot other people are mentally ill. You applauding an attack on human beings makes me th…  
Rules of war: Don't attack civilians  
Remember, to them they have declared...(pic related). Polished politicians are a wing of…   
Remember this: a  YPJ fighter treats ISIS member wounds after being captured in a battlefield in Syria, while a dead  YPJ bo… 
Islam: The 'Bewitched' Prophet  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
People like  BobbySands CHOSE to die! NO sympathy for Him, or any OTHER Murdering 🇮🇪  Terrorists 😤😠 
So you met with a corrupt  Venezuela Gov official. Of course you asked q…
hurry Up !!! Zero Fees  IOTA  DBIX  BTC  USD  ETH  ethereum  Dubai  SaudiArabia  XRP  cryptocurrency  JNT
War friend
Problem of caste can be fixed. It is a recent phenomenon around 100+ ye…  
don't tell me i got no humanity, not respect human rights. i dont do human right if it simply against Islam. 
When PTI never hesitate to attack Maryam, this is just logical... 
Speaking about B.C.'s proposed bitumen restrictions,   told repo ers   The government of Albe a will not, we… 
The only terrorists that I worry about are economic terrorists like Paul Ryan.
DailyBrian “Crony Capitalism”  CIA  Congress  Corporatocracy  Democrat…   
Via    Syria, DS | E.Ghouta: Red Crescent teams search for and aid victims of bombing in Harasta city, earlie… 
YAS 🙏🏽 I feel Attack I wasn’t expecting that  TwitterBestFandom  TeamGOT7  
Annexati…
Inconclusive angle, trust me it was directly in front of me and matias definitely m…   
Hitler, Churchill, and an attack cow.  TheGrandTour   
PM:  As I also made it clear to President Trump and afterwards to European leaders and to President Putin: our pres…  
I thought we left these last minute hea  attack games last semester?!?
Why don't you put them on the street? You'd rather have them rummaging around on Facebook, Twitter for…   
I liked a   video   Jean Thinks Annie Is In Love With Him But It's Actually A Titan | Attack On Titan:
menstruating women are literally considered نسجسين most sides of islam consider women some so  of inferior beings,…   
Amber Rudd: Jacob Rees-Mogg 'wrong' to attack civil service  
Looking at the repo , again, conflation of   anti government   with   alt right  . Its also lumping in pris…   
I am able to access, it has 103 pairings of alleged  Hindu women married to  Muslims.... 
Harris promotes preemptive nuclear strikes against Muslims:
Priceless  Ancient Seed Bank Saved from Destruction in  Aleppo but sad reality it will never return; considering fi…  
Shocking: Radical Islam is not radical, it is just, Islam   via   
Nigerian government needs to understand that; Destruction of Islamic Movement buildings is not…  
10 years ago, the gruesome murder of Rizwanur shook our conscience.   Honour   killing is not new in India. But the recent mains… 
There are people who crave and pray for the life that you are complaining about. Be grateful before this is taken away from y…
Wow. Just wow.
But totally ignore the hard left ? You're such a f*cking hypocrite !  
Puppet Masters: The  WhiteHelmets:  Channel4,  BBC,  TheGuardian are the architects of 'humanitarian war' suppo ing  US  regi… 
Israel’s prime minister says it will legalize an isolated West Bank outpost in response to the murder of one of it…  
When trees attack...
Parents need to contact schools to find out. Post answers on twitter  halal All hospita…  
About last night, at Coke Fest 2018. 
30-year-old Hanifa Abbas Khalaf recounts how she had a beautiful life before the ISIS came in 2014.
When Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the UN,  threatened to withhold aid to the Palestinians unless they recognize  Quds a… 
Men have rights and responsibilities in Islam, and women have rights and responsibilities in Islam. 
erDC It's not about colour…  
Kashmir
JusticeForGander256  's book may well be today's most impo ant read.  If you haven't embraced his analysis…
Another attack on   in today’s    Nothing personal: they do it to all   L…  
Every town with a muslim enclave.  Muslims  Islam  YesAll
Anti-Islam politician who conve ed to Islam explains decision
Islam and Muhammad to lead  NUFC to victory at Palace today according to our horoscopes page, sponsored by…   
JihadistTurkishState Who wants the turkey in european union? Only Germany suppo ter Jihadist  
TODAY 6-8pm, Mile End:   will be discussing how  populism has found an ideal space i… 
PLO vows 'to sta  disengaging from Israel'  PLO = just more terrorists    
I think when we refer to Love Jihad, it’s when girl conve s to M and marry under Sharia…   
It is widely believed that this lamp in the Chaqchan mosque has been burning since the advent of Islam in Baltistan…  
You are suggesting that looking into any kind of malfeasance in government is an attack on…  
Afrin offensive: seven Turkish soldiers die in  Syria    turkey  kurds
:  Islam is the fastest growing religion in the world and will over take  Christianity by 2070 becoming the world's larges…
Really not looking forward to sitting around waiting for the nuclear radiation to drift into the southern hemisphere while the…
And liberals are too stupid to question the change of attack
After TPUSA attendees, anti-racist protesters and the small group of neo-nazis had all left   campus, authoriti… 
tomorrow.Sidmouth's cliff's under attack. Newquay's cliffs are falling too. &amp;  ,    
Pasi Warriors Salute Polish Crusaders! Together we defeat Nazi EU Islam UN Vatic…  
i say friends but i am UNDER ATTACK
izO…  
UK: The UK is deeply concerned by three repo s of chlorine attacks by Syrian regime forces in Eastern Ghouta so far in 201…
Nato allies  
US Air Force &amp; Fatal Errors    demonizingislam  greaterisrael  isis  usairforce  warforoil
Look at this. The hypocrisy is blatant. In the headline the terrorists are   Syrian Rebels   but in the story they're a   branch… 
receiving violent abuse is not good. He complains about Politicians using their political platform car…  
Yes.
Yes sir we do approve intercaste marriages, but why Islam allows only impo  no… 
Punish those who burned and burned with treachery 6 horses, product of terrorism in a town of ARAUCO…   
People relies this is antifa right? Extreme left group not far right people looking up to Darren Osbourne but peopl…  
Zionism &amp;  Nazism. Two cheeks of the same arse.
Women to END Misogyny &amp; Subjugation!!!!  
Libs Loving on Iran ? Go There !! One Way Ticket --- Islamic Republic of Iran arrests 29 women for appearing in pub…  
'My Daughters Are the Heroes.' Father of 3 Victims Apologizes for Trying to Attack Larry Nassar  
“Those who forget history are condemned to repeat it” (Air Force, missiles, attack as best Defence, cyber)   
03-Feb-18: Friday night Gazan rocket attack - the second in two nights  
please terminate that guys account for open call for violence  
If you have a question about Islam, here you will find who is responding to you🌱 
First day back at work tomorrow is gonna be Isis
I hope not, but am worried we will it happen.   
This Is What Mad Maxine, Crying Chuck and these anti American Dems Stand for. Not for our Laws 
Sir, while Sonia G is a known Christian &amp; Rahul G either a Christian like her mother or Mus…   
What a place for the  Zionist entity to be in!: It suppo s jihadis in  Syria and bombs jihadis in  Egypt - both do…  
Brutal imbecile JT to make that comparison.
(Winnipeg Free Press): Iran says  Trump's hostility to nuclear deal scares investors : TEHRAN, Iran - Iran..   
Florida: Jihad of pen and tongue.  
Personally, I'd have welcomed a dementor attack. A deadly struggle for my soul would have broken the monotony nicely. (Sirius, Book 5) 
Muslim elected Mayor of London: A triumph of multiculturalism or Islamic supremacist deception - or both? - Isla...  
It's official I've completed the horseshoe, I'm a Salafi Wahhabi Jihadist Conservative Islamist SJW Feminist Liberal MRA… 
Islam and Muhammad to lead  NUFC to victory at Palace today according to our horoscopes page, sponsored by  … 
Pak Army: A suicide bomber killed 3 army soldiers &amp; injured several others in Swat. Banned TTP claimed responsibility for the…
They can't of course  
Killer attack watch out 4 more... OALM  
Another shot from our power packed session on  childabuse in  Pakistan |  saveourchildren |  atCEJ |  CEJ |  sta talking htt…
Pope is about to witness the presence of Evil or Satan in the form the Tyrant of Turkey-Erdogan. Will he…  
1) Your involvement in 2006 Lebanon war killed more than 1,000 civilians; 300 of them women &amp; children 
London Attack: Van Hits Pedestrians on London Bridge | Fo une  
tasya is wearing her   girl power   tshi  today with a ripped jean and black heels i said im an homosexual having a panick attack 
After spending all of yesterday recovering from my allergy attack and sinusitis flare up 😭😭😭 I can finally do some…  
I'm surprised  PMsocks hasn't tried to change the name of  HighwayOfHeroes because it may offend retu…  
I can’t think of a better word. Using entire federal groups to attack political oppo…
: Italy drive-by attack targets immigrants    
Nigel u have refused to see the supremacist threats to this country even when told directly.
The first Kenyan movie to get nominated for an Oscar, ‘Watu Wote’, depicts the true story of a terror attack carrie…   
Amber Rudd: Jacob Rees-Mogg 'wrong' to attack civil service  
Can you imagine Dhruv, if identity is stolen then even visas can be applied for and this will aid ter…   
US removed ERA from IFV so in case of Israeli attack they are easier to destroy  
A selfi pic of ISIS with Pakistani Armed Forces  
ALLINAteneo
right winf Hindu vigilantes 'outing' mixed faith marriages on Facebook  
1/2 The  Kurds have always been an the forefront of the struggle for democracy and equality across occupied Kurdistan.…
Enemies of say what, Islamic ? Repent &amp; Correct yr words to   Iranian Revolution   or Iranian Muslim Revolution but u…   
When even   says the students weren't physical in any way, it's quite surpri… 
Do you know what a panic attack feels like and would you talk about it on film? ..an oppo unity to appear on  MindMate…
Allah hates competition with Prophet Mohammad sa-Ma'sumeen. As u shld have learnt by know fm atleast fm yr mass des…  
Imagine for a moment dat d boy was Muslim nd girl a Hindu,d right wing would have justified d incident in d name of…   
Italy attack targets African migrants  
Attack on Singapore may be the last one to happen , if it happens! -   
Muslim World League Chief: Exclusionary Ideologies Generate Violence,  Terrorism - Asharq Al-awsat English   
Italy attack targets African migrants  
CEJ’s MS in  journalism program brings a hands on experience for  Pakistan.  We are accepting applications |  MSJprogram |  …
Berlin Attack: Vehicle Attacks Are Nothing New : Parallels : NPR  
SWEDEN: Verge Of Collapse From  Muslim Invasion, Swedes Are Arming Themselves in Record Numbers!   
nude islam boys adults exercise  
You hea less social media bullies have been extra-mean tonight. Just because I've chosen to be a positive force in the wor…
An unwanted erection should be known as a Hard Attack. [via    
Hea  Attack
U.S., Israel Prep for Large-Scale Joint Military Drill Simulating Ballistic Missile Attack 
One click install VPS  HOSTING    tool  SearchMarketing | SEO Software | 5 Content Marketing…  
Commandos of  Afghan  army use  MSFV  armoured to fight  ISIS terrorists  
Hea  Attack
(2) One of the biggest threats to soldiers is terrorists working as journalists.
Men who are pro-compulsory hijab in  Iran have already begun their mockery of the movement - soon will come the violence. R…
Hea  Attack    TeamEXO  TwitterBestFandom
When you're surfing comments sections early Sunday at work &amp; stumble upon a line that reminds you how absurd  Syria debates g…
He had acknowledged you are not listening. Russia and Islam are controlling the Democrats Alr-Left. Now listen up!!!!
Selling arms doesn't mean you love them. It's a commercial decision. You wouldn't understand. May has not sat with…  
Breaking  Iran
The truth of 2018 is not that of 1878, Turkey, Iran, Russia and Syria have a common enemy and that is the United St…   
Lmao..I apparently endorse ISIS now too. How far is this dumb rabbit hole going to go? I'm only quoting this so people c…
→video. Interestingly the terrorists want U to watch in detail an anti-acft gun of theirs t…  
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Disarming Voice (IV: 89% - CP: 627 - L: 33 until 06:14:57am.  
Belgium -  Iranian in  Brussels held rally  to call for  FreeAllProtestesrs and suppo   RegimeChange in  Iran.  HumanRigh…
Italy attack targets African migrants -    
Italy attack targets African migrants -   
[NOTICE: VOTE ATTACK 8:00PM KST]
Accept and be happy for what Allah has blessed you with, it may be a small thing but to others, that small thing could be the… 
The 2018 Wendy’s Super Bowl Commercial Takes the Direct Attack Approach    superbowl  superbowlad…
Uma Thurman breaks silence on Weinstein attack  
5  Turkish  soldiers  who  fight  for  the  safety  of  his  state  died  by  rhe  anti  tank  gun  that  has…  
*nu ured  
Islamic Jihadist/Muslim are a clear and present danger in France and must be stopped
Liverpool Maya Bar attack: Three quizzed over murder  
You can alter the truth as much as u want byt the fact that a tv station calling out for chaos and tra…  
YAAAWN.
Peace is not something related to non-functioning &amp; debauchery. It's also not something nonviolence &amp; compromise. P…  
Dawate Islami Bolton are renovating their new building. Don't miss out on this great oppo unity to be a pa  of th…  
Big Breaking news...
The ascendance of an authoritarian President is a direct consequence of our failure to teach generations of Americans re…
Ana you cop hatin gastropod lol if you call Comey and those Obamacratts law enforcement you've been eating too many…  
👍🏼
Amber Rudd: Jacob Rees-Mogg 'wrong' to attack civil service  
Goal...
Amber Rudd: Jacob Rees-Mogg ‘wrong’ to attack civil service    
Guess so. But we're here not exactly to attack you.
In my opinion, most Saudis are hypocrites and they are far from the true spirit of Islam 
The Iranian gestapo could not stop the uprising. Iran  Iranprotests  NO2Rouhani  FreeIran  RegimeChange  MaryamRajavi  MEK…
Who had any doubt on that?  
hea  attack
How can one be a citizen of a contraption that sponsors terrorism on it's citizens? I am not a Nigeria…
YAS 🙏🏽 I feel Attack I wasn’t expecting that  TwitterBestFandom  TeamGOT7  
I honestly don’t agree with a lot of things in this review. First of all she didn’t “forget” how to dri…
Islam is the only religion teaches to love your country and be ready to fight for your c…  
Israel’s 1st  Legal  Hackathon
This is exciting news about this SVOD provider which will transform what we can watch to inspire and remind us of t…  
Haven’t had an anxiety attack for ages why now ffs 🙄
Mam , u accurately nailed Love Jihad angle.🙏🙏🙏    
SYRIA
MaryamRajavi's View and Program on  Women's  Freedoms And  Equality In Tomorrow's  Iran
When Muslim and gay culture clash, gay culture loses.   
SOTU
The latest The Buntspecht Daily!   Thanks to  tarotprinz  iran
2)  As for what the ex-KGB operative said in 1984 (re. the subversion sta ed decades prior) ,…   
Muslims are good people like any other, but islam makes them do the worse things. It has to be tamed. But who will…   
Let's do this  TwitterBestFandom  TeamGOT7  
The Third World War will be triggered by war between Judaism and Islam, and will eventually spread to the whole world. 
He might be protected now, but he’ll definitely get it in jail! ☺️   
Hindu boy killed by Muslims. Notice how we have masked all Muslim names &amp; called it an 'Honour Killing' so that gullible Hi…
Hindu terrorists publish a long list of inter-community marriages and urge Hindus to kill the husbands of these wom…  
The democratic self- Administration in  Afrin calls on the State of the  Russian Federation to back down from its s…  
imagine waking up to nuclear attack-will you spend time thinking about how Trump said “shithole countries”? Will yo…  
This dominicans sell fake documents to isis biden inside usa
hea  attack
That mini hea  attack you get til you read the end  
Pardew had a dream, to destroy a football team. With Chinese owners and fuck all at the back. No pace in attack. We want t… 
What's wrong?! Are we under attack?! Are you all right?! And, uh... Why are you squirming around like that? 
So not only do you want to sell us a  fsa flag as the syrian flag, you are also either not capable of…   
EVILL BRITIAN SHOULD BE SO ASHAMED OF THEMSELVES...BRITIAN KILLED 15MILLION BIAFRANS FROM 1914 TILLDATE!…  
I only know what that feels like because I did have hea burn once many, many years ago &amp; it was so bad I thought I…   
I chose other, Scientology. I know most atheists don't like my view, but hear me out.…   
Ranking Up Surprise Attack commences in a few hours! Hunt For $40:
Is that also true for  Israel's highly dubious role in bringing down the democratically elected  Morsi government f…  
Well Bernie, if you’ve at the stage of being confused at logical common sense, it’s time to stay home and watch the…   
Riyadh &amp;  Jeddah are  business based  cities. Therefore,  Hotels in these cities need to cater to business class…   
Iran: 3 minor offenders hanged in Iran including  young bride
Amid  War drums in the no h, Netanyahu says Israel not interested in fight   
Lmao what strategy? Joe did not had any strategy and wha…  
Chuck Norris Launches Massive Attack After Media Tries Cheating Him  
There is nothing to forgive Chico. He was fighting terrorism in Syria, something vital for all of us…   
Honest question...how is this a statement after being sexually assaulted. Now don't attack me I'm genuinely asking.…  
DeepState  FakeMedia  AmericanPravda |  ObamaGate  PresidentTrump  NunesMemo
Virgin  Marry the daughter of Imraan was so  honourable, and she was different from any other  women in  Islam. 
Anyone who kills innocent people are terrorists yet Imran Khan's   PTI has decided to suppo    Father of Taliban   S…   
Amber Rudd: Jacob Rees-Mogg 'wrong' to attack civil service  UK |   GNews
So ....  UAE expo s to  Iran increased by 42% &amp; 18% in terms of value &amp; volume respectively, during the last 10-month per… 
Imagine for a moment dat d boy was Muslim nd girl a Hindu,d right wing would have justified d incident in d name of love… 
what a turn of events feu and admu
This music will heal you Panic Attack Relief (Panic Attack Treatment With Alpha Isochronic Tones and Beach Environm…  
panwinkkkk  
THE AGE OF REASON by Thomas Paine - FULL Audio Book | Greatest Audio Books   via   1 K…  
Netanyahu: We’re not looking for war but will defend ourselves    Islamic  MAGA
Ok so Rita is not a journalist she is head of SITE Intelligence... which…  
The latest The Muslim Daily!    dubai  saudiarabia
I think   would agree...  
PashtunRejectStateTerrorism   A major sit-in Islamabad protesting murder of  Naqeebullah and ongoing terrorism aga…  
Russian Su-25 shot down by Islamists in Idlib, pilot killed fighting terrorists:   | Would lo…   
And   Human Rights Chief  Zeid  has no time for  Iran... Visit Indonesia, instead...to make sure Sharia will be estab… 
Usa-san is a quiet bunny, she's a well-mannered bunny lady. Don't scare her, she will get a hea  attack ówò 
Walking around the mall full on having an anxiety attack like wtf
Scores Feared Dead In Fresh Herdsmen Attack In Adamawa 
In Muslim Malaysia they have banned a Nonmuslim Man from marrying a Muslim woman unless he conve s to Islam..what'…  
The latest The Truth!   Thanks to    saudiarabia  lakmefashionweek
SEO friendly UNIQUE a icles in JUST A CLICK    blogs | Home Jobs | Blogging idea | In a New…  
OTD 1971: USS Hawkbill (SSN-666), a Sturgeon class fast attack boat, was commissioned. 
right winf Hindu vigilantes 'outing' mixed faith marriages on Facebook  
So freedom of speech should stop because some lunatics might become terrorists? Is that your proposal?
After spending years on internet finally I have learnt this. He abused me and I actually prayed for him! Because I know…
It is the distinction I mentioned that makes Islam much harder to reform.
German ISIS rapper ‘Deso Dogg’ Denis Cuspe  ‘killed in US airstrike  
sweetie, my tweet was an attack i was just telling you that it was never THAT deep 
breakingnews  Iran
Terrorism !!! Photos : Fulani herdsmen launch fresh attack on Guma 
Taraba:  Groups  Blasts  Gov. Darius Over  Alleged Attack Plan, Call For Investigation 
Hahahahahahah!!! I Can't wait for you to attack us, we'll blow you awa… 
Can be titled as   the downfall of the reform movement in Iran by the IRGC 
' 
Fascist &amp;  Racist  Terrorists performing  RomanSalute while shooting NOT-WHITE people are NOT, were NOT, NOR will EVER be    … 
shameful tweet    
acantwait: Watch   say ISIS is fleeing persecution...ISIS are the persecutors. The ones who have been committing som…
The attack of the pugs  
No govt has right to interfere in Islamic laws related to talaq: Sharad Pawar -    
WORLD HIJAB DAY??
When italy suffers a terrorist attack. But it's a fascist so we can't call it like that
That reminds me... NUNES FOR PRISON!
Clearly the white shi  man sta s the assault…  
This is the perception of common citizens across the country..U take up cases of terrorists/ naxals n…  
music  traditional  Iran Enjoy.
Question:   Can   women give Dawah? 
11 soldiers ma yred in Swat suicide attack    
How impo ant are women in Islam?
1. Don't create unnecessary hype. Both midfielders sitting in front of the defense isn't a good thing.
اہِ حق کے شہیدو ،  تمہیں وطن کی ہوائیں سلام کہتی ہیں
Borderlands 3: Playable Character with Attack Skags as the skill.
Peace is not something related to non-functioning &amp; debauchery. It's also not something nonviolence &amp; compromise. Peac…
Can't u read or dumb I don't know...it's a harassment,  u called my relatives for outstanding,and becau…   
Houthis, Seperatist And Terrorrits! Another Libya in the making   
potholes
He voted to not have smoke alarms in rented prope ies as a legal requirement.
You, Sir, are attempting to undermine the entire US Intelligence community. 
Cute attack........  
However, it must be said: There is no Islamic country that I would want to live in. There is no respe…   
inDn1001  …  
And to that you need to listen to the majority of labour members and voters who don't want brexit!!!  
Some of them especially the extreme Islamic groups and law makers..
The day US allowed to operate inside Pakistan.
SoompiAwards  TwitterBestFandom  TeamEXO  
Week 29th January 2018
Entered The Zeitgeist on January 10, 2018 34 am 
Dear Muslims
Retweeted ANADOLU AGENCY (ENG) ( ):
This is what real  Feminism is about  
Love jihad and the anti love jihad.
FARM ATTACK: 33 Farmer and wife was attacked by 2x suspects armed with knifes.Famers finger tips was bitten off.Both suspec…
Targeted  ISIS accounts
Syria Compare battle maps for  Afrin btw 24.1 -01.02. (10 days)
Iñigo does a special attack to Tiki   grand finale   4 damage 
Amber Rudd: Jacob Rees-Mogg 'wrong' to attack civil service  
The very same guy that cove ly issued ALL visa's to the 911 Terrorists acting AGAINST all US rules/laws...
Amber Rudd: Jacob Rees-Mogg 'wrong' to attack civil service    
What happened to  ? Used 2 b sensible news &amp; analysis. Now sensationalist, white-Christian-(male)-culture-i…   
I thought we left these last minute hea  attack games last semester?!?
This is awful.  I only met him that evening - Ant was in the Travs with a mutual friend of ours. Please help if you know a…
Not to mention the fact that Mueller was the willing executor of Obama’s  2011 purge of Counte errorism training and traine…
Sam Allardyce saying Cenk Tosun’s had setvice... really? I’ve watched every minute he’s played and don’t recall him getting…
Saudi bank lending set to grow 4% in 2018: Moody’s
4. Added to liberal corruption and lies, are hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens forced on us. Many are violent…   
did not fail. The contrary is true. He did whatever possible to help Mullahs end the protests.  
Let a muslim be killed in the same circumstances and watch how this big…  
Born from different mothers skins of all colors come together as brothers. that’s the beauty of Islam.
Trying to stop aubameyang  
Why did you not applaud when potus said isis is about gone,unemployment is way down,companies are c…   
Yessir!!  
Im not saying they didnt do bad things both sides did &amp; i can understand the hate tow…  
nude islamic girls glory hole porn hub  
Parsi Warriors Salute Polish Crusaders! Together we defeat Nazi EU Islam UN Vati…  
rape jihad    
Sanghis are actually worse than terrorists. They have no soul.  
SWEET DREAMS💚love y'all a funking bunch an a half. sorry for my irritable tiny rage attack. rip iPhone. SEE YALL TOMS @ TABOO☺️💕
JUSTIN TRUDEAU PRIME MINISTER OF CANADA TO BE INVESTIGATED FOR SUPPO ING ISIS. Trudeau needs to be removed. You need a…
Your Excellency, Mr Fares. 
Feb 1 - Ahvaz, SW  Iran 
11. The Banking NPA is Financial Terrorism by UPA. Mr.Pappu if you wish to read the devastation caused by MMS leftist-populi…
Undoubtedly in  Islam women are only sex slaves &amp; baby producing machines.
MoD ‘in chaos’ over drone use outside of war zones - that means using drones to hunt and kill, anywhere in the worl…   
erPhoenix    …
The UN &amp; so called Int'l community just decided to pretend not to see what Buhari the Islamist Jihadist i…
Laziness level = 💯  
Tolentino attack goes out. FEU completes the comeback 15-9  UAAPSeason80Volleyball   sHub
When Bollywood Hunks are Busy in Minting Money   ji... is busy in making lives of Acid Attack Victims through…
Islam as a social system is inappropriate in modern cultures, read the  Qoran &amp;  Sharia law to see for…   
Agreed - but why are we the only ones that can see it ,What I can not understand is why the left wing students/Labour welcome M… 
erDC It's not about colour…  
BREAKING: IDF says accomplice in Havat Gilad terror attack, in which  Israeli Rabbi  RazielShevach (z'l) was murde…   
Refugees in Italy Gunned Down by Right-Wing Shooter   via    terrorism
they will be exposed  BDS 
Agreed - it is do as i say not as i do -  
Retweeted Turkish MFA ( ):
Finna have a hea  attack
They send these hate narratives about Islam whiles stay silent about white Supremacists, the poor are pick…   
SoompiAwards  TwitterBestFandom  TeamEXO  
monster lotto hea  attack kokobop machine let out the beast angel my lady lady luck…  
I am challenging “Owners” of J&amp;K Govt/lawmakers, HR activists, suppo ers and sympathizers of ISI Paid Stone Pelting terro… 
I hope one day the beautiful American flag again over Iran raised and free us from the tyranny of di…  
Fired for  Islam on The   Show   
ISO27001 Ce ified  ISMS Foundation (Distance Learning)  
' Dhaka to be recognized as  IslamicTourismCity'  
He didn't look bad, but ce ainly not ahead of Be rand. Don't think you can play MT at th…   
Mountain Jihad -  Funny  imgur  
zohreh bijanyar
rules 1 don't attack inthezonera rules 2 don't threat inthezonera and rule 3 shut you fucking mouth
Prof. Richard Falk: “Rather than addressing Israeli apa heid, Nikki Haley chooses to attack me”:…   
6017  …  
tasya is wearing her   girl power   tshi  with a ripped jean and black heels i said im a homosexual having a panick attack 
Stop suppo ing state terrorism in Cameroon and  FreeSouthernCameroons  Restoration…
The Islam religion is best represented by three scholars in our time, only three, globally: 
I mean, there's this central plaza filled with enemies around a bonfire, with a balcony overlooking it. None of the…   
Phew.. am late for namaz.. haven't had food or even a glass of water... what a powerful, needed, impo ant discussion! Thank… 
HEA  ATTACK  TwitterBestFandom   TeamEXO  SoompiAwards    PROMISE EXO
Your iman is your greatest treasure. Take account of it. Value it. Build it.  Muslims  Islam  Life  
Watch the video   then ask yourself, why has  UK jailed Ben Stimson (right) for terrorist offences… 
Afghanistan publishes “undeniable” proof Islamic State, Taliban jihadis trained in Pakistan   
enough twitter for today  
How can you know if they are terrorists without the trial in question first?
The world seeks to kill the Yemeni people…Children dying of starvation in Yemen’s con
It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack   
FIFA World Cup Trophy arrives in Lahore, Pakistan  FIFA  WorldCup  Pakistan 
Interesting collection of images from the 1950s of New York being destroyed by a nuclear attack cc:  …  
We know the Somalian jihadists have planned a terrorist attack for  SuperbowlLII. We ara also awar…
Militia shoot down a Russian Su-25 jet over Saraqeb.
That is the KAFIR try lie about Islam. Islam got same ideology as The NAZI ideology . Take the World.  
This A  Attack reboot is rubbish...    
The Trump-Nunes distraction campaign is working!
I conveyed to   that the attack on our civilians on 1/27 is the 9/11 of Afghanistan. Our resolve to win the peace an…
All this bullshit over who punched first . Have we forgotten the miners strike when the police were thatchers attack dogs ?
Next track: Isis - Wrists Of Kings  NowPlaying  postrock
Mourners carry the body of Amir Abd al-Hamid Abu Musaad, 16, during his funeral in al-Maghazi refugee camp,  GazaStrip… 
Thank you for joining us. You are watching  CEJ’s panel discussion on  childabuse |  Saveourchildren |  Pakistan  
PTI Bajaur leadership     condemns the coward suicide attack on…
Uma Thurman Breaks Silence About Harvey Weinstein, Details His 'Attack' - NDTV: NDTV Uma…   
Iranian gestapo could not stop the  uprising
Russian forces have killed at least 1,529 children in Syria since 30 July 2015; this includes 32 children killed during 217 cl… 
.  “dont let the fundamentalists wreck our schools” says you. What cowards are those that rule over u…  
There have been 2 big waves of Islamization jihad. The Ahab wave sta ed in the 7th century from Mecca no hward;...  
Nearly 361  Civilians Killed in  Assad Regime Bombardment on  EasternGhouta in Past Month
Why not repo  this as the cynical attack on freedom that is is?    
The secret to asking tough questions of Islam.  BillWarnerPhD   
That's true.
My account was suspended for a tweet 6 months or older, no cursing, no threats.  My freedom of speech.  Y… 
why these things R coming2 light onlyNOW? what were COLLEAGUES &amp; MEDIA doing when al the…  
Lmao. Before e enter nko, e remain small make person get hea  attack. I still dey target that 40m   
More than 10.000 ppl demonstrated today in  Raqqa &amp;  Efrin protesting against the fascist Turkish State Military ag…  
Bulbasaur from 5k egg, another fine Venusaur and my brand ne entry - Tyranitar. Almost perfect, need to fix first a…   
Tender for Preparation of Packing materials and materials for the crude  Oil pipe feeder for Basrah
Now thatTariq Ramadan is detention one should charge him with suppo ing Islamic terrorists by making donations t Hamas whic…

The Islamic regime is its own enemy
Attack is the secret of defense; defense is the planning of an attack
In light of the comments made at the trial of  DarrenOsbourne and the   warning signs   he was displaying up to the…   
StrategyReview: The United States' Indo-Pacific strategy is likely to exacerbate the trilateral security competiti…  
57l24269O2 call/txt  trumpsuppo er  suppo strump  racist  homophobic  arab  muslim  protrump  trump…  
How long as we have coffee, the terrorists will never have expected sweet potato fries to be as good as they are. 
Israel  YNET  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Police recommends indictment of Welfare Minister Katz  
happy bi hday, love 
📣  Toronto,  Canada: Iranian resistance suppo ers call for release of protesters arrested in  Iran. 📣 
The News where you all waiting for!
Russian MoD published a video of the attack on militants who shot down the Su-25    
Direct attack!
Uma Thurman Breaks Silence About Harvey Weinstein, Details His 'Attack' - Uma Thurman Breaks Silence About Harvey W…   
Unlike the Obama administration who refused to help Iranian protesters in 2009 uprising، now  Trump Adm is standing…  
Russian MoD published a video of the attack on militants who shot down the Su-25 zWgPmaU
Yes - gently. If that guy wanted to attack the thug he'd have punched him in the back of t…  
It's lunch time at the House of Cats 😋😊
Watch: Tunisians claim Holocaust was a 'myth and a lie'  israel   - 🚀 Grow your followers with  
Hey  , why am I being bombarded by sponsored content of an Islamist extremist British group with Jihadi tie…   
OperationOliveBranch against the  Terrorism of  PYD
Syria  Idlib  Edleb  Edlib  Idleb
You mean this:  
Israeli Airstrikes Target Sites in No hern  Gaza   via    
Russian MoD published a video of the attack on militants who shot down the Su-25    
you attack my hea  you attack my hea  you attack my hea  you attack my hea  you attack my hea  you attack my hea  y…
Mass Protest in  Afrin against  Turkey Invasion today.
It has long been accepted that football is a religion on Tyneside and Newcastle fans have noticed their squad now…   
Mass voting is done but the battle is not over yet. We need to gather points as much as we can 💪🏻 We will attack on the fi…
Russian MoD published a video of the attack on militants who shot down the Su-25    
ownsend7: Cue the 'Get Islam of the hook Playbook'  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
Islam is challenged since day 1, and it openly asks man to challenge it. And it has been done…   
Chin Basas' service aces is almost the same with her attack points. Wow. Congrats, Lady Tams!  UAAPSeason80Volleyball 
okay ya know what i love blackpink they’re sweethea s BUT CAN BLINKS SHUT THE FUCK UP all they do is drag gfriend then when…
”The Italian Mob Is Peddling Pills to ISIS”   
It's lunch time at the House of Cats 😋😊
Russian MoD published a video of the attack on militants who shot down the Su-25    
Our country is under attack.  
Remember islam sided with Hitler against Jewish people, the left has also sided with islam 🤔, this is a greater threa… 
Israel  Arutz  NEWS  broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Petition calls to ban annual neo-Nazi march in Bulgaria  
Your Islam doesn't stop when you go to work or school and spend time around friends. Be a Muslim everywhere.
The woman who took off her Hijab &amp; waved it as a flag of freedom for women in Iran has been identified. She is  VidaMovahed…
Russian MoD published a video of the attack on militants who shot down the Su-25    
New post (Maula Ya Salli Wa Sallim  Audio Naat   Muhammad Owais Raza Qadri Sb) has been published on Urdu Islamic V…  
GHOSTBUSTERS ATTACK! - Unde ale [Ep.8]:   tramite  
TEV-DEM's Asya Abdullah: “The resistance will increase. The fighters that have ended ISIS will also bring the end of the Turk…
IdahoHoneyPot: Shields UP!!  NTP incoming NTP attack from 185.35.63.128  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is terror…  
Timeline of  Israel’s anti-Palestinian laws
Where is your outrage and condemnation at the attack on Mikis Theodorakis - a man who paid d…  
Attack ads are not enough!
2,000 flee after 70  Houses burned in Pokot-Elgeyo bandit attack:   
Big issue for me is our defending is all over the shop and this could kill the confidence of our attack. Big error…  
Speech being delivered by Maulana Syed Muzaffar Ahmad - Jalsa Salana Bangladesh 2018
Israel to help connect 60 million  African homes to grid by 2030 ☀️    
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He…  
The  Abdul Case
People &amp; Places:  Kurds remember Mama Risha and his  Peshmerga legacy    
Mob of cyclists go wrong way, attack drivers   
CTIN_Global:   securityaffairs   Distributed Guessing Attack to hack VISA cards in just six seconds 
menstruating women are literally considered نسجسين most sides of islam consider women some so  of inferior beings, like they… 
...IF true, how does Gen. Flynn recover financially from this insidious attack by the corruption??? 
Nearly 361  Civilians Killed in  Assad Regime Bombardment on  EasternGhouta in Past Month
This is how you vilify a community, “Muslim man” what is the need of identifying him by his religion?…   
The world is silent, 
Israel  YNET  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Police recommends indictment of Welfare Minister Katz  
h Muslims are nazis. you cant esc…  
Of course he would! It would be the continuation of his attack on the British; he knows damn well the damag…
Hea  attack  
EoZ  Israel News: The PLO's rose-colored glasses gamble  
Uma Thurman Breaks Silence About Harvey Weinstein, Details His 'Attack'   
If you look like a snake, have venom dripping from your fangs and attack with little p…   
's interview by  InshaMushtaq
Attack 'ow  TwitterBestFandom  TeamGOT7
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He…  
Uma Thurman Breaks Silence About Harvey Weinstein, Details His 'Attack'   
EXO-Ls power attack!🔥
Best of the Web:  Russian  Su25 shot down by militants in  Idlib, pilot killed -  Russians launch retaliation strik…   
Uma Thurman Breaks Silence About Harvey Weinstein, Details His 'Attack'   
It is this level of arrogant ignorance from self-righteous liberals which lead to presidents like  Nixon  Raegan…  
Iran  FreeIran  MaryamRajavi
Shami turns a question on holocaust denier readmitted to her pa y into an attack on Tories, what more do you need to kn… 
HEA  ATTACK
Five  Turkish Soldiers Killed in Attack in  Syria's Afrin
“(Natural News) Following the State of Maryland's threats against parents who refuse to have their children vaccinated, child… 
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is t…  
Uma Thurman Breaks Silence About Harvey Weinstein, Details His 'Attack'   
izO: Incredible sad the crimes we keep committing in the west to maintain our regime change foreign policy! We bombed the  syri…
. True lies cannot save Islam. Wherever Isla…  
When a pregnant woman suffers organ damage (ex: a hea  attack), the fetus will send stem cells to repair the damaged or… 
Uma Thurman Breaks Silence About Harvey Weinstein, Details His 'Attack'   
Pray for provision for Christians in  Ethiopia, pa icularly those who are denied access to communal resources, or have b… 
Uma Thurman Breaks Silence About Harvey Weinstein, Details His 'Attack'   
Thank you everyone who join the hashtag attack 😉👍
Bibi should ask the Führer of your pa y, why he didn't visit the house of Ankit who's throat was slit for jihad   
Uma Thurman Breaks Silence About Harvey Weinstein, Details His 'Attack'   
No doubt they are shocked, Government of Australia lures tourists here with promos of cute Kangaroos! Our national embl… 
Belated new year's resolution ko manood ng volleyball game live for the first time!! Because if spo s are gonna gi…  
Israel's strategy for   peace   with the  Palestinians “Beat the  Palestinians up, not once but repeatedly, beat the…   
Trump attack on JCPOA aims to scare European countries    politics  no hamerica  usa…  
Syria  Hama Militant activist's this morning
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill…  
Good Morning Twitter. I have some bad news guys,  it would appear that my so called 'hea burn' was in fact a 'hear…   
Stone Pelting is terrorism, It is time we treated it like that - Completely agree with this piece on  Shopian  https:/… 
Sunday brunch  telaviv  israel  brunch @ Rothschild Coffee Spot  
Remind me what's wrong with   Church, Family, Police,   or   Military,   again? 
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill…  
Many still want to dive  the real question. News outlets Luke and many liberals just don…  
My hea  is breaking for Las Vegas. We need love, unity, peace, gun control &amp; for people to look at this &amp; call this what… 
okay so I GOT A HEA  ATTACK-SHOCKED NEWS AND THIS TOUR THIS MAY EVERYONE ITS CONFIRMED THEY REALLY MAKE IT!!!!😭😭😭😭…  
American you see the sour face on our American General of the military, and them supreme cou  judges, Donald.J.Tru…   
Everything in Islam is for the sake of men.
opseven Like who? Anyway, I won't ever vote for the   y again. They're either the islamic pa y o…   
In  Israel,  Jewish,  Christian  Muslim volunteers work side by side to aid victims of accident &amp; illness in many s…   
@ _com  israel has the right to defend itself
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me…  
Syria  Idlib Militants say Rayan &amp; Sheikh Idris Villages south of  Saraqib targeted this morning by Syrian Arab Air Fo…
a friend who tells you to turn your back to the camera, ? I HATE this picture!   Islam  Muslims   
Why is  SaudiArabia designating $133 million to cover weight loss surgeries?    
Zionist  …
Oh my god Depth you gave me a hea  attack 😱
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Dazzling Gleam (IV: 93% - CP: 422 - L: 21 until 06:31:00am.  
He ce ainly did. He also was right about Islam
Four Crisis of Faith
Any religion actually against LGBT community but Islamic groups show how much they hate LGBT community..
Oh God!  
SWISS-BORN ISLAMIC SCHOLAR TARIQ RAMADAN  CHARGED WITH RAPE  ON THE ALLEGATIONS MADE BY TWO WOMEN IN FRANCE:…  
You might know feudslism,  , but you dont kno…   
1st goal of today's vote attack: 100  s + 200 replies, go! 
Need any explanation! guess not    
He has acknowledged, you are not listening. Russia and Islam are controlling the Democrats…   
VigilPatriot tweeted -  TheGulenMovement -&gt; US MB civilization jihad cult/business empire led by reclusive Turkish…  
mikailfbkula : From Robot Design Automation to Life Design Automation for Immo ality &amp; Singularity -…  
Mass Protest in  Afrin against  Turkey Invasion today.
That’s a fact still...
VigilPatriot tweeted - Islam has destroyed the history of Egypt.   PoliticalIslam…  
VigilPatriot tweeted - The secret to asking tough questions of Islam.   PoliticalIslam…  
China has said it hopes the United States 'will abandon its Cold  War mentality', in response to US  Nuclear weapo…   
HE, the SG on the subject of “Addressing violence committed in the name of religion” held in Rome said: Ideology of exclusio… 
Special Interview Session is being aired LIVE from MTA BANGLA Studio - Jalsa Salana Bangladesh 2018.
Allah has a plan. A plan far greater than you can imagine. Stop worrying, stop stressing, and trust Him!  Muslims  Islam  Life 
@ _com If the police tried to keep tabs on EVERYONE with form, they'd need so many new recruits it would probably…   
Amber Rudd: Jacob Rees-Mogg 'wrong' to attack civil service  
Asking to much !!, you're spending so much of tax payers money building Islam in Canad. This is the reason you have…   
Sunday  Syria Daily: Rebels Down Russian Warplane, Kill Pilot   …   
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me H…  
Oh yes! Classic psychological phenomenon of projection! I see it in the trolls who attack me often!  
Sir, Gandhi was not a God. He also committed so many mistakes. Today, Hindus are victim of Islamic terrorism coz of Gandhi… 
Believe or not but the ATGM that t taking out those German built tanks r Turkish made😂.  YPG  YPJ took them from ISIS in earli…
Pretty sure shows like  MKR are why the terrorists hate us.
Ex- YPG held Bulbul’s town center, full of  PKK leader Ocalan’s pictures. It is now liberated by  FSA and  TAF.  Operat… 
Yes, may just be ad for donations. 
last attack outside pa jusko
international islamic sunkissed  
ownsend7: Get Islam of the hook. The MSM at work  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
So this is why we Continue 2 have a  War on  Marijuana. Because of  Nixon's  AntiSemitism against those who are…  
Jacob would approach this with his usual dignity. No matter what is thrown at him. Real PM material  
American you see the sour face on our American General of the military, and them supreme cou  judges, Donald.J.Trump hit… 
Wife of who was hacked and burnt in Rajsamand, Rajasthan Moves SC Seeking SIT Probe In To Her Husband’s Murder, Seeks Dir… 

Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kil…  
897 YPG terrorists 'neutralized' since sta  of Turkey's Afrin operation, military says    breakingnews 
Hea  Attack
We have a shit defence and the best attack in the league
Syria  Hama  EasternHama  No hEasternHama Some of the Areas Targeted by  SyAF Helicopters this morning are the vicini…
🗣 The fact that some women are WRONGLY forced to wear hijab because their corrupted countries FALSELY preach Islam DOES N…
“They did not like what the FBI was finding out about Trump, so like the true patriots they are—of Russia—they atta…   
When PTI never hesitate to attack Maryam, this is just logical... 
1/2 Statement from FBIAA President Tom O'Connor ( ): “The men and women of the FBI put their lives on the li…
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill m…  
”The Italian Mob Is Peddling Pills to ISIS”   
I love how Pa isangirl (or should I call her Pa isansh*t) accuses the  Kurds of   stealing    Syria-n land while she lives… 
That moment when you suddenly can roll well when you have a disadvantage on attack rolls.
Interesting collection of images from the 1950s of New York being destroyed by a nuclear attack cc:    …
I tweet one hour ago that I miss them and RM then tweeted I miss u all.
Italian police have arrested a gunman who injured six people in a 'racially motivated attack'  
Islamic Republic Authorities Dismiss Protests against Compulsory  Hijab -  MyStealthyFreedom  Iran
Let's ask: does Afrin pose a vital threat to Turkey? Did the Syrian Kurdish YPG attack Turkish territory? Do we ha…   
Faith leaders,  Muslim,  Jewish &amp;  Christian of  SyriaFaithInitiative met at the   to ask   to do something to s… 
To be honest I'm actually scared now.  
People &amp; Places:  Kurds remember Mama Risha and his  Peshmerga legacy    
This dominicans frame citezens documents to sell inside usa to isis
eichenwald: The probability   will ultimately go to jail for obstruction has just increased by about 40% given that he wo…
kurds by that…  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill…  
Afghanistan has made the biggest leaps in history since 2002. We were in the Middle Ages and are now v…  
Turkey is taking hold more than 3 million Syrian refugees , the Turks hit the terrorists you fed ! I think…   
Why can't people not just go out and have a gd night. Why do wee rats have to take matters into their own hands. Aw…  
Ebba Åkerlund, 11 years old, murdered by a failed asylum seeker on 7th April 2017 in Stockholm, Swede…   
New piece of mine with   on Turkey's invasion of Afrin and how it affects Turkish and Kurdish communities in Germ…
Recover MDF Files After a Ransomware Attack
congrats on finding your target audience and using islam to get your retweets. its getting very apparent and boring but go…
Perhaps it was a bad idea to attack nearly 100 targets 30 police posts and 50-80 villages in a pre-planned, hoped f… 
BreakingNews
Illegal Israeli settlers attack Palestinian farmers no h of  Hebron while Israeli occupation forces watch.   Palestine
School ke bacchon par attack kar rahe ho. Jauhar rehne do sharm se mar jao.
It’s what mobsters, murderers and powerful criminals do: attack the arm of the law that… 
2/2 And for a time, the Islamic empire was the world leader in science and philosophy…   
I agree. Can’t be just attack ads. But raising money is probably the most impo…
My Daniel Pearl lecture on the dark purposes of Trump's attack on media, and the risks of conservative capitulation. h… 
Another attack is imminent
okay so I GOT A HEA  ATTACK-SHOCKED NEWS AND THIS TOUR THIS MAY EVERYONE ITS CONFIRMED THEY REALLY MAKE IT!!!!😭😭😭😭💚🐦is there…
JihadistTurkishState Fuck ISLAM FUCK  E😡
Dawkins pronounces Islam as a force for evil, while professing his ignorance on the s…   
Hijab is the best way to protect women , 
It’s when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack   
LoveOfGod  Allah Q: Who are the ones loved by Allah (God) Almighty?  TheHolyQuran  Islam  God  Love  PurposeOfLife https:/…
I can see you dont drive to eu countries. You would prefer to let in Terrorists &amp; non…  
Ukrainian politician under investigation for financing pro-Russian terrorists back in D.C. after meeting GOP leaders las…
Attack on security forces in  Swat seriously condemnable.
opseven Like who? Anyway, I won't ever vote for the   y again. They're either the islamic pa y o…   
She's been at it for years, that's why they have her on on a regular basis.   
ie01 Murdoch is a criminal and shoud be brought to justice for the harm he has caused people…  
When islam dominates the world it will turn upon its allies the leftists , fake feminists , intellectuals and liber…   
Perfect example of Russian troll farms coordinatin' with far-right nutball blogs to generate  FakeNews and fu her Trump's…
imagine waking up to nuclear attack-will you spend time thinking about how Trump said “shithole countries”? Will you spend la…
for mili…  
Israel's strategy for   peace   with the  Palestinians “Beat the  Palestinians up, not once but repeatedly, beat them up s… 
New Pa y Blames  Pakistan, Iran, Saudi For  Afghanistan War 
I hate that so much when that happens. Nearly gives you a hea  attack.
Israel communications minister Ayoob Kara (Likud) posted a pic w an alleged (and quite unknown)  Bahrain Prince, said his… 
Rare video of Python with Dog survival from attack 🤔  
ETC ACCORDING2 PEDOGATE CORRUPT!,FREE INDIAN UNIVERSAL CITIZEN,2232,2/4/2018 11:02,    Err there's NO CREDIBLE SYSTEM…   
Every one know that nationalist muslims and follower of Islam of Allah love the nation a…  
Freemasons Zionists created Radical Islam. Quran &amp; Bukhari prove Rome created Islam   via  
And so it begins.  illegal alien African Muslim invaders targeted drive-by shooting Italian city of Macerata, with police… 
kudos to maraguinot!! she's like alyssa in the backline attack.
M103 ce ainly began as an attempt to pass an Islam specific anti-blasphemy law. The fact they weren't successful doesn't cha…
Also in your world, people plan for next Jihadi attack at midnight   
Messiah   teaches   I would like to see many of our women with long dresses and  Hijab.    Farrakhan:…   
Nobody wanted The Butcher of Benghazi with her Pay for Play with Russia,ISIS,Fusion GPS,Antifa and her drug dealing…   
Pete ownsend7: Islam: The 'Bewitched' Prophet  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
Taobut is one of the most beautiful point of  Neelum valley, its the end point of  Pakistan Excellent scenic beauty htt… 
Are you guys ready for   MultanDaMuqabla at Multan Cricket Stadium?
Iran:  US Reliance on nuclear weapons moves humanity closer to annihilation  
muslimtv: Mosques Around The World: Baitul Islam, Canada  MTAi 
Gave me a fucking hea  attack since day one.  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere…  
Don't feel shy to show your weaknesses to Allah, because He is the only one who will help you turn them into strengths.… 
A mob of more than 100 people pelted stones on Army’s convoy, unprovoked. Within minutes the mob swelled to more th…   
Islamist want blood  right from the beginning of Islam world wide. TV and Anchors just showing you mirror.
Cop Arrested For  Attack On 2 Near Delhi, Police Say Personal Enmity 
Obviously flat ea hers ni muslim
Three questions for the very near future:
Puppet Masters: No anti-aircraft weapons sent to 'our vetted'  Syrian rebels -  Pentagon spokesman after downing of…  
EuropiStan »
2/3   As Director Wray noted, FBI Special Agents have remained steadfast in their dedication to professiona… 
An US made anti-tank weapon was used against a Turkish tnak by the PKK terrorists. US is supplying…  
Turkey: Soldier succumbs to wounds from PYD/PKK attack -    
21stcentury  Arabs…  
It is right that this man is punished for his share as a Muslim against his Muslim leaders. Just a pity that he got…  
'We rise to be a thousands' 🇹🇷
you attack my hea 
Where have you been Kim?  
Vist el S01E15 Special Operations Squad: Eve of the Counteratt... of Attack on Titan!  AttackOnTitan   tvtime…  
arar Why imagine too far away in the history on how the invaders had been to India. Just see what is happenin…  
Tenzin Delek Rinpoche (1950-2015) - acted for the good of his nation, was accused of terrorism  100Victims   
I really enjoyed Charles Stross' Iron Sunrise: scifi   spaceopera  thriller  wethem  AI  bureaucracy  war
Tolentino attack goes out. FEU completes the comeback 15-9  UAAPSeason80Volleyball   sHub
LondonBridge is falling down  
Jews are more dangerous than  Islam. Hitler done nothing wrong. 
Tell that islamic di y and daft piglet called elrufai. Who got Nigeria to this level? Well, she is dead alre… 
I had my first panic attack
Save the protesters detained by the Iranian regime
Connections between Nimrod, Freemasons, Catholicism, Islam etc   via   
Suicide Bombing is not from Islam Messenger of Allah Said: Indeed whoever (intentionally) Kills Himself, Then Ce a…   
The white supremacist terrorist in Macerata, Italy who targeted Black people, is named Luca Traini and he was a political… 
20  Civilians Killed as  Assad Jets Target Civilians Fleeing…  
At that age, marriage is for companionship. And as he said, islam permits four 
The Proteas all out for 119
MUST HAVE SEO TOOL create UNIQUE a icles in seconds!    SeoService…  
People in  Efrin are opposed to terrorism! Fascist Turkish state will crawl back home!!
I know you will still rewatch this even though youve seen this multiple times before lol istg idk how did these peo…  
The U.N. Must Investigate Iran's 1988 Massacre, or Detained Protesters Today Face Same Fate 
Turkey Deputy PM Bozdag says if  Kurdish terrorists do not leave  Manbij, Turkish troops will move into the city, and eas… 
Not only the attack is toothless. Real Madrid’s defence has been very soft this season, despite having some of the…   
INDvSA  SAvIND 2nd ODI: India 42/1 (7 overs) vs South Africa 118  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to k…  
Iranian Canadians in  Ottawa held rally to suppo   IranUprising   and  calling for  FreeAllProtesters 
Freemasons Zionists created Radical Islam. Quran &amp; Bukhari prove Rome created Islam   via @…
I know you will still rewatch this even though youve seen this multiple times before lol istg idk how did these people ma…
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 164.77.138.181  
Real Feminism. An elderly woman in  Iran joins the protest against forced  hijab.
Israelis target  ISIS fighters in  Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact - Washington Post  
Pre-emptively blaming the FBI for a terror attack that hasn't happened yet is pretty far out there. And also indica…  
I can understand the father's frustration, if anyone touched my child inappropriately, I would probably do the same…   
Throw out NHRC.
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they…  
Drone strikes kill 3 IS terrorists in Afghanistan -  
ising Then what was it? It reads as another attack on all forms of renewable based on them not bei…  
Concealed carry holder stops attack on Utah police officer (not mentioned in the headline).  2A  NRA   
So this is how US wants to sta  war in this region.Just know that,This is not Libya,Syria or any other weak nation that… 
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere the…  
time to test bora missile on it  
To PKK/PYD  : is your father trump ? Dad !  comee!!  A child is beating mee ?you blow up people…  
VOTE ATTACK!
You're absolutely right on this bit it's a mistake to equate no platform with an attack on free speech.…  
Sir, 
Society's Child:  Israeli warplanes target  Gaza area just reconstructed after 2014 war  
Tahar Boumedra, Former   official on  HumanRights; and Eric Sottas, former Secretary‐General of the World Organization Again… 
This isn't going to bother the NITWITS! The fools are too worried about their   appearances   and don't want to look…   
Should we be worrying for debbie  
i just had the worst anxiety attack wow
Please Check out this Saudi Arabian Wizard Fahad Al Muwallad who recently joined La Liga Club Levante on Loan from Al It…
China has said it hopes the United States 'will abandon its Cold  War mentality', in response to US  Nuclear weapo…   
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kil…  
I can’t believe I went out last night and I didn’t cry or have a panic attack. Who is she
that international suppo  for the MEK would put the mullahs Regime in grave danger.
Israeli Army Abducts 8  Palestinians Near Jenin– IMEMC News    HandsOffAlQuds  Jerusalem…  
Personally I feel this is the type of game we should attack their arseholes off...we can't beat them at their own g…  
thanks for the anxiety attack
Tehran Friday prayers leader addressing  France's   Pull the cotton out of your ear… If you're coming to nego…
5  Turkish  soldiers  who  fight  for  the  safety  of  his  state  died  by  rhe  anti  tank  gun  that…  
Dabiq, the ISIS magazine - Home | q | CBC Radio   
I liked a   video   Donald Trump AMV  Attack On Mexico
Hahahaha. This life. Ex muslims obsessed with Islam. Southerners obsessed with Buhari. I don’t get, why fixate on that whic… 
Islam is false religious system: Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God, and keep his commandmen…   
People in  Efrin are opposed to terrorism! Fascist Turkish state will crawl back home!!
That’s no surprise, stuck in the 7th century   
I don't accept your conclusion, but that's ok. 
One day? Islam isn't as open to reformation as Christianity from a p…  
Niggas be in every bitch face but soon as you say “thank you” to another nigga, he ready to have a hea  attack. 😴 
Don’t build illegally. Don’t be terrorists. Negotiate in good faith and you won’t have problems.
AfricanPlanet Herders/Farmers Clash 10 feared killed In fresh attack in Yungur Song…  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me…  
Lest we forget 
They don't want the DREAMer soldiers, they don't want the transgender soldiers, you can GUESS how they (really) feel abou… 
German police arrest 'ISIS-linked' man suspected of plotting car-ramming attack -- Society's Child --…  
Unfo unately there has been another serious attack in Brisbane. Left a girl with permanant reproduction issues in…  
Islam has encouraged Muslim husbands and wives to have fun with each other.
New version of it. Whats everyone think? Eduardo tune-...He came to us from Germany Pierre Pierre, he…   
Stone pelting is organized method of terrorism which stands on funding from separatists and religious extremism of Islamis…
A large po ion of a million people pa ook in a brilliant peace challenge in  Barcelona on Saturday after Spain's…  
Some Images From Today Here In  Liverpool Raising Awareness About  AhedTamimi And  PalestinianChildPrisoners In  Israel  FreePa…
this is what Nigeria Army are doing to defenseless civilians instead of tackling terrorism htt…
Trump: Victim of a political attack by the FBI    
President Assad, just another day at the office serving his fellow Syrians  Damascus  Syria  Syrianarmy🇸🇾   
Suppo ing the campaign calling for the release of all the uprising detainees in  Iran. ✌
I'm saying it's disgusting that ppl want to capitalize on the persecution of Copts to push their sectarian nonsensical t…
Hoping for a draw today won't moan if spurs win anyone but Liverpool they have a fantastic attack but weak defence…  
KillerAmerika !!! America is a friend of terrorist organizations...!  PKK  PYD  YPG  ISIS  FETÖ  
Uganda: Conve  from Islam to Christianity says “The Muslims are trying to kill me”  
The Major named in the FIR, according to the Army, was not present within 200m radius from firing location  Shopian  https… 
BreakingNews
Last night has left me in such a devastating state that ISIS have claimed responsibility for it
Italian police have arrested a gunman who injured six people in a 'racially motivated attack'  
This is why I love the Kurdish people, even with their many internal issues. They have pride in w…   
World at  war 360  maps Sexy women in towels. Name of chinese knots.  CLICK HERE 👉👉👉   👈👈👈
…  
In China, Muslims were herded into concentration camps: Through the Xinjiang Uygur administrative region, the major…   
Quran is religious text of Islam  ep3_M&amp;S  
Gaza Norwegian parliamentarian nominates BDS for Nobel prize  Pnn  
Nobody wanted The Butcher of Benghazi with her Pay for Play with Russia,ISIS,Fusion GPS,Antifa and her drug dealing boss Obama… 
Something wrong with German DNA. Love for Hitler was not over yet when love for I$lam has suddenly erupted among Germans.…
SOTTFocus: Despite Western Slurs,  Sochi Peace Congress Opens Path to Peace For  Syria    sochicongress 
Amazing Pakistan Air Force  Skills with  JF17Thunder in  Dubai  AirShow |  PAF  Fly Jet like Child  Playing With  Toy…
WorldNews It's when, not if: Singapore worries, and prepares, for militant attack - Econom…   
They need to explain Brian Terry's death then..  Killed with a gun supplied to the Ca els by Eric Ho…
One click install VPS  HOSTING    a icle | RSS Feed | Online Jobs | The Best Ecommerce Development Tools |  Pakistan
Countries recognize the risk of  terrorism, and have welcomed the formation of the  IMCTC to eradicate this threat. 
The Jerusalem Post Iranian minister: US cannot judge  Iran's national security policies The Jerusalem Post Bahram Q…  
* Suicide Bomber Kills at Least 11 at Pakistani Army Base  New York Times * Pakistani Taliban claim attack that kil…  
Hea  attack 😂😂😂😂😂.. How you go come handle 40m😂😂😂😂😂
Islam Twitter
Islam is a false religious system: Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God, and keep his commandm…   
Iranian minister: US cannot judge  Iran's national security policies - The Jerusalem Post    
Public waiting area at Health Depa ment.  Lahore
The U.N. Must Investigate Iran's 1988 Massacre, or Detained Protesters Today Face Same Fate 
for militant attack - Economic Times   News!
* 'Terrorists' kill Russian fighter pilot after plane shot down over Syria  ABC Online * Syrian rebels shoot down R…  
We're getting closer to banning this barbaric Semitic practice.   
Not widely known outside Turkey but  deputy PM Bekir Bozdağ himself is a Kurd.👇
Feb 4 -  Tehran,  Iran Today 
To better under  Iran's IRGC Basij members:A  woman criticizing authorities after a Karaj-Mashhad train was delayed for 12 hu…
After 8 months of lousy squats and hea -attack inducing workouts, today marks my first ever CrossFit competition.…   
Egypt, Israel are secretly fighting against ISIS together - New York Post   
Iranian minister: US cannot judge  Iran's national security policies - The Jerusalem Post: The Jerusalem Post...  
The Mullahs must be taken to ICC  Iranprotests  Iran  Trump  MaryamRajavi…
on Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me…  
-Sir yesterday there was an ATTACK incident under MAUGANJ PS, an attack on Santosh Pandey…   
This is a comprehensive and great a icle about  Iran regime’s challenges inside and outside of Iran
New post: Singapore worries, &amp; prepares for terrorist attack   
That's An Awesome Counter Attack!  
Former  Nusra Front that broke ties w  Qaeda in 2016, Hayaat Tahrir al Sham (HTS) claimed the downing of  Russia fighter j… 
Spoiler ale : First look at horrific attack taking place on  Emmerdale    
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me every…  
Amid  War drums in the no h, Netanyahu says Israel not interested in fight 
I don´t know what Syria and Russia are waiting for to totaly defeat all those rebels, they are all t…   
You must read this - it is frightening and   family is involved.  UraniumOne  tenam    
y: Champions of women’s rights hey UN  
A picket line organized by Iranian American Community of Virginia and their friends, at D  ,… 
Also no country is accepting refugee status if the people are white. In fact many countries are actively fighting…
porn Gay sex It xxx pubes Doll nsfw Attack video Homegrown Laila
Uma Thurman Breaks Silence About Harvey Weinstein, Details His 'Attack' 
British government cuts to its armed forces PROVES that Britain IS NOT in danger of   conventional   attack from anyo…   
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere…  
Amber Rudd: Jacob Rees-Mogg 'wrong' to attack civil service  
Free speech is under attack!!!
Don't generalise, Afrikan Cultures are under attack from all sides. 
Oh for god sake - stop arguing over things and just deal with the fact that Islam is linked to ter…  
Liberals have no place in the world anymore, not now, not after everything thats going on with terrorism a…   
Iranian Americans and their friends, are holding a picket line at the  , calling   in  Iran,… 
Sunday  Syria Daily: Rebels Down Russian Warplane, Kill Pilot   …   
Get on with it then.  
Kashmir
Please Join us Tomorrow Feb. 4th at 8:30 AM To Tweet Storm For Defenders of  HumanRights in  Iran Who Has Been Imprisoned…
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to k…  
Society's Child:  RussianNavy's large cargo ship carrying a wealth of new military equipment, depa s for  Syria's…   
I don’t understand much of football but oh my god I cannot believe this nation makes such a big deal about football like w…
The Tory pa y is in chaos.
Heard so much about this exhibition and really looking forward to having it in Dublin.  
The Tet Offensive blueprint for weaker adversaries: Don't try to win; make your opponent lose. Attack will; not strength.…
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill…  
“Comey’s schizophrenic tweet tells us everything we need to know. The Dems &amp; Deep State wish FISA memo was a nothingburger. In…
Acha who would stop??Whole world is in our suppo  except  illiterate radical islamic oaki jihadis and der illegal…  
If Foucault's   discipline   of bodies means anything at all, there it is an example   
…  
japanese bukkake romantic sex medieval porn cheating wife tron porn xxx milf celebrity sex tapes isis love sakura s…  
Retweeted DAILY SABAH ( ):
Those  Germans taking photos of  GermanDeathCamps are just like  ISIS taking photos of their…  
Im sorry (not), but why are you talking about Trump following that headline, why cant you all ever speak about antiblackness o… 
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill…  
could ISIS suppo ers do such rallies in Mosul and Raqqa? what would have USA and Russian planes do…  
Toba_Tek_Singh Rescue 1122 building U/C
Im in the bush every day shooting terrorists. STFU if you are in love with terrorists
Islam and Nazism.
Beautiful detail!!! Focke-Wulf FW190A/F. Modeler Arno Mosimann  scalemodelkit  plastimodelismo  plasticmodel  plastimod…
More rebel groups joining in Turkeys operation against kurds  
Suppo ers of   NCRI &amp;  MEK  in  Brussels call for  RegimeChange in  Iran, demanding  FreeAllProtesters immediately  Ir… 
Are the  Kashmir apologists within India listening? Thousands of Pashtuns gathered outside the Islamabad Press Club in…
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kil…  
Members of several far-right groups wielding anti-Islam posters also marched through the streets to protest what they c…
Bernie Sanders just can’t understand it? Well Bernie, when you’re at the stage when you’re confused at logical comm…   
I think noth…  
Belgium -  Iranian in  Brussels held rally  to call for  FreeAllProtestesrs and suppo   RegimeChange in  Iran.  Human…
Turkey’s Kurdish Village Guards say  they are ready to join the operations in  Afrin if ordered to do so.
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Dazzling Gleam (IV: 91% - CP: 594 - L: 30 until 06:33:37am.  
Quran is religious text of Islam  ep3_M&amp;S  
Speculation swirls on motive as judge seals docs in Colorado Springs attack |    
m   ISIS is still recruiting my dude
The democratic self- Administration in Afrin calls on the State of the Russian Federation to back down from its suppor…
i thought the video was recent so like when i tapped it a bitch was SHOOKT  
This is why I love the Kurdish people, even with their many internal issues. They have pride in who they are,… 
4. Added to liberal corruption and lies, are hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens forced on us. Many are violent gang me… 
Avoid listening to sad and romantic music too much. This will only get you stuck in depression and sadness. Sub…
Thank you for join hashtags attack ❤️
Hea  attack  EXO  EXOL  BestFanArmy  iHea Awards
Controversial Islamic preacher Zakir Naik's books were on the syllabus of a privately-run government-recognized school in…
OMG come'on Dr Mabid Ali AlJarhi  
Houndour ♀ Feint Attack/Dark Pulse (IV: 84% - CP: 920 - L: 30 until 06:17:44am.  
[London] Lickitung (F) (IV: 60% - CP: 1039) until 11:29:41AM at 32 Isis Cl    
In Europe, civil war *is* coming, I won't comment on the US. If you don't believe that Islam won't…   
…  
attack on titan: angry kid vows to kill all the teetans
Larry Nassar victims   dad tries to attack disgraced doctor in cou .  
Are you suggesting that islam was peaceful before the iraq war?
StopAfrinGenocide
Training on olive pruning and micro-propagation conducted at BARI, Chakwal by italian expe s. 
And a worse attack, and a worse midfield 
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kil…  
Posting profiles of 102 couples in an inter-religious relationships, a Hindutva terrorist page calls “Hindu shers”…   
So you're forgetting about the ancient civilisations whence much of our culture and values originate and which had…  
Video: CAIR-Texas Holds Interfaith Vigil for Charleston Shooting Victims  
Napa: ♂Pikachu 95.6% (15/15/13) 667CP L30 Quick Attack/Thunderbolt until 03:33:39am (29m 31s)  
A great win by Arsenal at the end. A little taste to the premier league of how frightening our attack can be and at the same…
on1an   on   and Big fucking Sam says Arsenal have defensive problems😑😑!!Our problem is we…  
Grandma your avi picture nearly gave me a hea  attack 😂 awww no granny 💗🤗🤗 take care and keep warm! Hop…  
Traffic generator, drive real human traffic to your website or blog!    contents  blogging…   
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He…  
Pakistan here we come!    WeAreOxfordInternational  
Lands about as cleanly as the old attack like that French Premier League footballers will be thrown int…  
5/5:...This was what Allah refers to in His Saying:--   O you who believe! Be you not like those Who annoyed Moses,…   
Forget the unmemorable memo for minute.  What this sad saga reflects is nothing sho  of a combined attack by two branch…
We legitimately have the right 2 call on the   High Commissioner on  HumanRights 2 take his own initiative.This is a…
If compared, which province of  Pakistan has the 'Best  Police Force'? 
And He Insulted Trump AGAIN and Trump Suppo ers. 🤦‍♀️
High quality footage of Islamist missile hitting Russian jet    Idlib  Russia  Syria
Ambassadors of various Countries i…
Mum's warning after Bunnings playground bullies attack sons   Oh no hope your 2 sons is ok. O…  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kil…  
Wonder how many of these terrorists were actually even Syrian? I’m willing to bet none.
Hell, no! Depo , depo , depo ! If Angelina loves Islam that much, she should move to an Islamic co…   
robe  pattinson sex scene islam sex rules  
NargesMohammadi is Serving a Total of 16 Years in Prison in  Iran For Speaking Out Against The  DeathPenalty and  AcidAt…
The devil tried to kill me from a hea  attack but God used it as a reset and renewed in me a right Spirit for a come b…
Canada and Indonesia have been friends and close to each other. My president and your presiden…  
Russia and Turkey Are Both Fighting America's Weapons in The Hands of Terrorists – Eurasia Future  
😬
Hours ago,  Russia Air Force Su-25SM (06 RED / RF-95486) was shot-down by AA gun of moderate Jaysh al-Nasr Jihadists/ te… 
@ _com: ISIS children: ‘Massive threat’ or ‘victims of gruesome upbringing’?    
Diaries kept by former  Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat reveal a  secret deal to protect  Italy from  attacks by P…  
It's gonna be amazing if  Mourinho can find a blend between these four names in  ManchesterUnited attack line,…   
2/2 the  Kurds numbering brm 12-15 million are to date denied some of the most basic life- incl access to edu, indep. p… 
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He…  
The Catholic nation of Italy - Islam is spreading like wildfire  
This film about the persecuted church in the Islamic world, will give you an inside perspective on life for those livi… 
So Islamic extremists have been misconstruing criticisms of vegan extremists as attacks on all vegans?  
i've read the a icle &amp; it is fucking awful, riddled w/ errors, baseless speculations + misrepresentation of quotes &amp; lacks… 
I know! It's time to Make Taxes Higher Again. Make ISIS Great Again.…
The current eruptions may well fail 2 unseat the  mullahs.But to the extent that  Khamenei admitted the legi…
.  2nd Brigade Combat Team commander, Col. Pat Work, recently visited  USMA to speak with the   a… 
Seven Turkish soldiers die in Syria, including five in tank attack via /r/worldnews   
We cannot and will never be able to stop migration  , says EU commissioner for migration.  THIS is what the public needs to… 
How can  EU-US cooperate on the fight against  cybercrime &amp;  terrorism
Syrian activists say civilians have suffered chlorine gas poisoning during an attack on the rebel-held town of Saraqeb i…
Rock graving in Al-Ula,  SaudiArabia 
.  calls on  EU &amp;Western powers to take effective measures to compel  Iran's misogynist theocracy to e…  
I have no logical reason to either respect or disrespect Islam because I do not know Arabic. But when I read Hindi and E…
APTSimulator - A toolset to make a system look as if it was the victim of an APT attack    
Just shut up  china you decided to get out in past September so be happy with your Rice 🍚!!  fight  bitcoin…  
Boycott of Saudi Arabia (later joined by Egypt, Bahrain, United Arab Emirates) against Qatar, initiated 7 months ag…   
KashmirSolidarityDay is being observed across the world, including  Pakistan today to show Pakistan’s suppo  and unity with… 
Day 25 | VOTE ATTACK!!
“The absurdity of  feminists in the West embracing modesty culture while their disempowered sisters in the  Muslim wor…
LNP have got the four prong attack..Pyne Cash Dutton and Mal 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
BREAKING: Police shoot man who tried to break into Iranian President's office - repo s    
I appeal to all Muslims, let this not mean that you go and behead the criminals. First try to resolve it peacefully…   
girl we going to Islam?  
Tehran mayor,IRGC Brig Gen Ghalibaf said rgm has less then 4% suppo , yet  FakeIranPoll…   
At least 11 people have been killed in air strikes carried out by Syrian and Russian aircraft in Idlib Province in no h…
any terrorist attack happen uk or europe who is behind it? london,uk 
🚨🛡 ARMY ATTACK 🛡🚨
Who's this dumbass and does he know he's defending Al Qaeda in  Syria??
Gee, I wonder why he wasn’t invited to the wedding. 🙄   
Iran -  BandarAbbas, beating and insulting a peddler by  regime's municipality agents - February 4,  2018  IranProtest… 
ALE  🆘🆘
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bia… 
The only solution is BLOODY revolution!  Revolution  war  government…  
I set up a webpage about five years ago to expose Assad's crimes in  syria it rarely gets any traffic these days check…
🚨URGENT🚨
Wow, really going to smear victims of a terrorist attack as illegals with no evidence? 
Calling ISIS right wing and conservative is awful but the Nazi's were totally socialist guys!-Ian Miles Cheong
I call this the   Break &amp; Enter dropbox   and it pairs well with my Amazon Key (sma lock &amp; sma cam combo). 
i didn't ask wonwoo to attack me at the very end
Gandhi was agreed to give 7 km wide corridor between East and West Pakistan secured by Pakistan Army on Indian soil.  
49.8 percent of Iranians, women and men, consider the Islamic veil a private matter and think the government should ha… 
HQ: BREAKING: A military attack helicopter has crashed in a residential area in  Saga,  Kanzaki , Japan.   
YES!!  CANADIANS MUST TAKE HIM DOWN!  
(Nearly complete)  Chess Set, 
Former  Myanmar Army soldier who married a  Rohingya woman recounts genocidal attack on the village of Tula Toli, where… 
London Terror Attack: Seven Confirmed Dead In London Bridge And Borough Market Incident | HuffPost UK  
I’m very pleased to share with you the first review of the book I have co-edited with Laurence Louër,   Pan-Islamic Networks… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
LAST STEP  IRAN: What Our Recent Protests Were Really About
has described the 8,00,000  Rohingya in  Myanmar, as one of the most  persecuted  minorities in the  wor… 
isangirl: Remember the time when the US media tried to downplay the presence of AlQaeda in Syria? Pepperidge farm remembers. https:…
🇹🇷 Turkey's attack on Syrian Kurds in  Afrin:
Details about killed pilot of Russian warplane downed in  Syria revealed    Idlib  Russia
Just ran into Lug after a cyborg attack.  They said to be careful, as they heard there's a Blasted Pursuer in the mall. 
Aminul Islam (aminul4r .com)
Iran, 9 children lost their lives due to frostbite in the ea hquake-stricken area &amp; 97 people committed suicide a…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Machete-wielding man shot and arrested in  Iran after trying to break into president's office, Iran government-run newspa… 
Discussion and explanation of gladiators, battles &amp; sexual encounters.  War 
Priyanka is the head of di y tricks depa ment of Congress. She doesn't need to win election but attack those winning.
Kh…
***IMPO ANT FOR THE COMING DAYS***
It's impo ant to remember there is some diversity within Islam. The   and Bosnian Muslims are two c…
The world will remember Kashmir freedom movement as a movement of love for  Pakistan  KashmirMatters  
This video apparently shows babies evacuated from incubators in Idlib’s Maraat al Numan hospital last night, after it was b… 
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 175.15.83.82  
I am not fan of   conspiracy theory  , but can anyone say where the  US took the thousands of  ISIS evacuated from  Raqqah? Wha… 
My opinion is same about mainstream media. It is shocking that repo ers are not asking republicans why Rudy Giuliani is not…
Ethiopia - Today, the Federal High cou  4th criminal bench will deliver innocent/guilty verdict in one of the high pro… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Iran  News: Angry &amp; starving workers in Shadegan (south-west Iran) who have gone 15 months w/o pay this morning clash…
These ppl are openly spewing hate &amp; spreading disharmony among sects while  NAP naps!  Pakistan  ASWJ  ShiaGenocide  
If Rs use Nancy Policy to attack Dem candidates, why don't Dems use Ryan to attack R candidates? Is he a nationally popular fig… 
Yes stop the attack ads. We all know how bad things are. D…  
TV channels like TimesNow will present a photoshopped paper as evidence of love-jihad in Kerala but this real threat to 100…
Russia to use ‘Made in  Pakistan’ footballs in  FIFAWorldCup2018
Out of 100s nominated - this year's  IntegrityIdol finalists for  Pakistan from Islamabad, Quetta, Punjab, Sindh, &amp;…   
5 Feb 2018  Kashmir  Yom_E_Yakjehti_Day All  Pakistan  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Question of the day...
Iran:Zahedan City: blocked the street   I sent   in burning tires tire in solidarity with the violent uprising yesterday… 
This FISA Cou  was established to oversee wiretapping of FOREIGNERS in America suspected of terrorism.
All you need to know about corbyn . All Terrorists suppo  him  
The children of liberated  Deir_Ezzor go back to school: Boys and girls together. 56 schools reopened for 16445 students.…
Who's That Girl - From 'Attack of the 50 Foot Cheerleader?' (31 HQ Photos)
In 2019 LS election in J&amp;K, BJP has to face the questions: 
Fresh attack: More troops deployed to Southern Kaduna -   via    
AA: “PYD/PKK uses photo of its own terror attack to smear Turkey. A
Who else finds it ironic that Breitba , Fox News and Infowars consistently attack those on the Left for being   anti-poli… 
Attack in any form is proof that the enemy believes in you! He ain't fighting you because you're weak, he's fighting you b… 
ujakds:   Thatcher did the same, in microcosm. Created a class/economic division which meant it wa… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
There’s no equality for women in that pa  of the world they are still in the dark ages alike their Islamic calendar  
Discussion and explanation of gladiators, battles &amp; sexual encounters.  War 
US sta s Iraq drawdown after defeating ISIS - media  
Military media map shows recent situation in no heastern  Hama countryside after pro-gov forces capture several villages…
Islam Times - The Increasing Likelihood Of Nuclear War Should Straighten Out All Our Priorities  
NDTV camp narrative is - Amit shah get justice Loya killed as he was about to annonce the judjement…  
Breaking  Italy  Terrorism
I almost had a hea  attack because i thought it was the mixtape oh god
NCRI  Women’s Committee Urges Censure of the Arrests of  Iranian Women for Shunning the Veil
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Kashmir will become Pakistan, Indian will be broken into peaces, US will be driven out of Afghanistan  . Specially designa… 
First they came for the  Muslims,  Women,  Browns, &amp; we said   Not Today, Mofo   
That is basically to see what Indian air force planes are doing in the area. They have SAM batteries, which is a defensi… 
Iran: Suppressive Forces Attack the Striking Workers in Major Sugar Cane Company   ……  
Pak soldier Muhammad Asif, you lost life in Swat suicide attack, buried in his home town near Sheikhupura (Punjab)   
Like everything else that is brokered by  MoneyInPolitics the  result =  LegalisedTheft
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Alhamdulillah for the blessing of Islam, the Greatest blessing ever. 
I have Make 0.15 BTC in 5 Mints    fight  apuestas  ufc  bittrex  daytrader  altcoin…  
Good , but they will punish her very hard iam sorry that the woman has never rights in Iran. If she is a refugee we wi… 
AAP unofficial spokesperson is instigating Goons to harm me, if anything happens to me, he will be responsible. 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Islam’s scripture is full of verses saying non-believers are immoral, astray, doomed to hellfire, should be fought, shou… 
Discussion and explanation of gladiators, battles &amp; sexual encounters.  War 
Attack on Titan no mercy run
patialaHouseCou  issued notice to Delhi police (special cell) on the bail plea of Bilal Ahmad Kawa, suspected to be… 
Well said...  
Tens of thousands of internally displaced ppl in  Syria are living under harsh conditions, most in unfinished buildings… 
Real feminism is risking arrest and to ure for removing your hijab in public.
eleanor hasn't done anything in like 5 month's and once she does something lowlife larries attack her
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
Peterborough  Rape  Jihad : Woman Sexually Assaulted At Knifepoint  
Iran sentences an American-Iranian couple for ‘being  Zoroastrians’  
TWO THINGS HERE:
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan   via   
Join us on  5thFebruary at  Lahore  MochiGateJalsa to show the solidarity with  Kashmir &amp; to share the  Pakistan's mess…
He was arrested in January before the republic day in a major counter-terrorism operation by Delhi Police and Gujarat…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Iran: Senior Prison Official Admits to Arrest of More Than 5,000 People, Including 1,400 Women During the Protests…   
Impo ant non-pa isan status of  nonprofits was established in late 1950s by LBJ and signed into law by Eisenhower; now und…
Islamic invaders destroyed 40000 temples, conve ed them into dead tomb and…   
News today from Europe: Opening today in Belgium of the trial of S.Abdeslam for the Bataclan attack.  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel m…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel m…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel m…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel m…   
A remarkable nationwide protest in Iran not getting the attention it deserves here. These women are taking enormous risks t…
2. Take the time to read this statement from 2015, signed by over 1000 PALESTINIAN resistanc… 
U.S. sta s Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over IS    
I get a mini hea  attack when I see someone doing deadlifts/squats w bad form. Like srsly, keep it light until you get the form right. 
It has been learnt that Gujarat Anti-Terrorism Squad informed the Delhi Police that Bilal Ahmed Kawa who had been decl…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
WE LOVE KIM NAMJOON
Why so many Muslims are using social media? I wonder! Because, Darul Uloom Deoband (one of the largest Islamic school in… 
morning  
God bless Assad and the SAA  
The novel is narrated by the ghost of an ancient Germanic warrior.  War
The LStelconsult Paper is on line!   Thanks to    iran  ict
This is what is happening in the world and almost no one is talking about it.  
3. Demand reforms or try to twist verses and Hadith that speaks to women.
War is between armies.  Russia bombs hospitals &amp; babies using bunker busters, napalm, cluster bombs &amp; other lethal wea… 
Someone is asking why didn't Miguna Miguna get an asthmatic attack when he was commissioning Raila's oath, or when…   
Keep on sending terrorists, Indian Army will despatch them in 2.5 feet below of soil. 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
fox61I  …  
Children victims of  Russia|n warplanes this evening in  Idlib.
I think I’m having an anxiety attack
That's one way to stop a counter-attack... 😂  
Remember, Islam is a religion of peace. 
Shocking that this man is a lawyer. My goodness! So much filth and hatred for Muslims and women. He needs treatment! I am…
I really wish this people knew how painful Asthma is 😭😭😭i am asthmatic myself and i wouldnt even sta  to imagine w…  
Iran Among the Countries With the Most Improvements in ICT Development Index    iran
Sponsoring global terrorism is as heinous as Pakistan’s deceptive existence is,   
Isn't the question we should be asking why has   endorsed a campaign by a Minister to attac…
Aminul Islam (aminul4r .com)
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
We Planned To Attack Ondo - Arrested Boko Haram Suspect   via    
China Bans Allah, Muhammad, and Other Islamic,   Overly Religious   Names   
disrespecting Islam does not make you look cool, If you don't wanna follow Islam because you want to do all sins freely, th… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
PPPStandswithKashmir from Generations
Iran :
I’m leaving  Twitter for a longtime, I’m going on ground to meet lots of good friends &amp; couple of coward enemies. I…   
You can make a difference during a gun or knife terror attack - remember this expe  advice: Run, Hide, Tell.  ActionC… 
v2 I know there are almost daily unrepo ed guerrilla attacks against SAA and allies on albu Kamal front. But I have no…
12th century chess set from Nishapur  Iran The shah is represented as a throne; the vizier is a smaller throne
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
Jack Wolfskin MTN Attack 5 Texapore Low 4017581 Herren Wanderschuhe, Schwarz (Burly Yellow 3800), 40,5 EU   
The  Nazis invented Sarin nerve gas but didn't use it against enemy armies.  Assad regime used it against Syrian famil…
Left wing loons and Dims protect murders, protect terrorists., and protect anarchists. Time to depo  them with the crimin… 
The novel is narrated by the ghost of an ancient Germanic warrior.  War
Or maybe it's those who commit mass murder of innocents on a regular basis in the name of Isla…  
BREAKING: Police shoot man who tried to break into Iranian President's office - repo s    Iran https…
We need to suppo  the Women of Europe and the world.  THE MEDIA WILL IGNORE. There are women being raped, mutilated, killed… 
If someone actually had the hea  to get me these any day of the year, I’d probably have a hea  attack   
YPG repelled the Turkish mercenaries’ attack after heavy clashes in Şexurze in Afrin’s Bilbil district (no h) and reinstate…
Capt Kapil Kundu, only son, lost his father to hea  attack when he was in class 12th, he topped his class nonetheless. Crack… 
Iran spends almost a billion dollars a year sponsoring terrorism in Lebanon, Israel and West Bank/Gaza.  This blood mon… 
RussianForces shelled Industrial School in  KafrNobbol city in  Idlib, Feb 4  Syria 
Muslims: a tiny propo ion of Americans.
The 'gentleman' promoting 'democracy' in  Syria. Through captagon-addled wanton destruction, mass murder and general misery… 
The investigation would be a fast slam dunk if Obama's PSD-11 was declassified!
Somewhere in Hollywood:   I have this completely original idea for a movie for The Rock: a dad has to save his wife from te… 
Senior Prison Official Admits to Arrest of More Than 5,000 People, Including 1,400  Women During the  IranProtests 
Defeat ISIS as Shadow
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Muslims didn't kill kafir Ankit, their knives did : Gurmehar Kaur   
Killing civilians with any type of weapons is a crime. It is shameful to hear states officials saying   they will take dete… 
Man shot and arrested in  Iran after trying to break into president's office - deputy governor of Tehran on Fars news
The sons of Tatar and the Mongols, what do they do with this man, the Turk and the mercenaries with him?   
The difference is that Islam is a misogynist culture that treats women as subhuma…  
Army  Egypt denied NYT repo  that  Israel conducts airstrikes in  Sinai with  Cairo's approval  
Iran's presidential office's security shot a man armed with knife, who wanted to enter through the gate of the office. The… 
Iran: Political Prisoner’s Complaint Letter Against Five Prison Authorities to UN  HumanRights Rappo eur…  
🔴  Turkey's attack on Syrian Kurds in  Afrin:
🚨🛡 ARMY ATTACK 🛡🚨
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
Masih Alinejad, the person the BBC says is behind these protests, is a VOA Persian Service repo er and has received $232… 
Humanity....and Humour,  Quote of the week 'A complete tool always blames his workmen' re. Rees-Mogg's attack on Civil Servants. 
Religions are terrorizing the United States Of America. Christianity had the most money for a corporation before ci…  
Trump Attacks the FBI as ‘corrupt’ for investigating him.
Syria: Massive  Assad/ Putin airstrikes across  Idlib slaughtering civilians as brutally as  ISIS  AlQaeda with one big d…
Now playing Rejoice by Andrew Jackson Jihad!
h,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
The novel is narrated by the ghost of an ancient Germanic warrior.  War
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
Kurds are only pro-western,  democratic forces in  Syria that we could be ally    … 
When a person's tongue becomes quiet and friendly, 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Regime Change Is the Only Hope for the People of  Iran (And the Region)
AFP (french media) : French Salafi Jihadi ISIS terrorists who recently fought in Syria are now suddenly turning u…
Actual Christians like Barack Obama and President Donald Trump have no problems with lighting diya in America, but rice bag c… 
A man has been shot &amp; arrested in  Iran after trying to break into the office of Iranian President Hassan  Rouhani…  
Delhi's Patiala House Cou  issues notice to Delhi Police (special cell) on the bail plea of Bilal Ahmad Kawa, 2000 Red Fo  attac… 
I used Shazam to discover Hea  Attack by EXO.
US: ready to stop being a sovereign nation?
To WATCH all of  's video repo s from  SouthAfrica, read her columns, and help CROWDFUND her full-length document… 
Mattis Threatens Military Action Over Syria Gas Attack Claims, Then Admits 'No Evidence'. 
Kashmir is not integral pa  of  India. Kashmiri people are more pa  of  Pakistan in Blood,in Flesh,in life,in culture,in… 
SLAP ON THE WRIST for  UK  Muslim  Rape gang who at gunpoint penetrated a 16-year-old lost girl in every or...  
Tehran mayor,IRGC Brig Gen Ghalibaf said rgm has less then 4% suppo , yet  FakeIranPoll…   
GOOD NEWS FROM ITALIA!!!  TurkeyKillsCivilians  TwitterKurds  NotEvenAnInch  EyesOnAfrin  DefendAfrin  Efrin  Afrin…  
Love jihad is when
Jeremy Corbyn was a backbencher for nearly three decades. He had no influence. He just enjoyed rubbing s…  
yet gave Turkey Visa Free travel into the EU    AND Erdogan insisted to Turks i…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Newborn babies among the victims of repeated   precision   air strikes by criminal  Russia warplanes on the National Hos… 
:  SIP Possible SIP attack from 134.119.214.141  
Islam's fanatical desire to subjugate the West is perversely eclipsed by the West's fanatical desire to be subjugated.
Is  Israel not ok with  Africans? So Israel is a place of refuge for  Jews only?  religious  Homeland my  ass.…  
What about British terrorists, loyalists, uvf, uda murdering innocent Irish people.... 
.
SECOND VOTING ATTACK OF THE DAY! We are still behind, please vote as much as possible. 
Browse  Cyber-attack essentials : Customize by keywords to find your content from trusted expe s:…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Winner of   Mosul Postwar Camp   competition   
No mot alone Millions of us KNOW our freedoms and democracy have been under attack for years from BIASED MSM, Tory greed, co… 
Kashmir Conflict b/w  India &amp;  Pakistan is alarming to world, it can harm the Global Peace,  UN is unable to resolve thi… 
One pilot killed after Japanese attack helicopter crashes in residential area. Fate of the other service member unk…  
Turkish military convoy entered Syrian territory this morning with alnusra/ Levant Liberation Committee(LLC) h…
Akash Manoj, a 16-year old who invented an app that can detect a silent hea  attack 6 hours prior 
..the risk of domestic terrorism is very real unless Brexit is now handled with great sensitivity by all sides. 
Driveby gun attack in Italian town  
Dreadful news from Idlib. When you say that the use of chemical weapons against citizens is your red line but then you don’…
The orange wants to occupy the blue, but does not succeed because people resist.  Afrin  Efrîn  Kurdistan  Syria  Rojava  B… 
The King of Jordan tells FareedZakaria that in America   maybe there's a lack of understanding of Islam,   adds that…   
The US Depa ment  Spox Heather Naue  stated that the US has
Ankit Saxena murder: Girlfriend's mom planned attack, 'created' road rage scene to pull him out of car, says eyewitness https… 
.    blunders with US terror listing of Hamas leader Haniyeh  |  Gaza  OccupiedPalestine  Is…
The pa y of terrorists - in the  UK  
Bernard was a victim of a farm attack. His children saw their grandfather bleed to death, their father beaten, mother bound… 
New command structure is to strengthen the trans-Atlantic mink and defence of Europe says   at    L…
Not at all..wherever any army camps for a long time, it’s bound to happen..you would know abo…   
Santa:         @…
Israel Reveals Its Plan To ‘Flood The Internet’ &amp; News Feeds With  Propaganda
A man has been shot &amp; arrested in  Iran after trying to break into the office of Iranian President Hassan  Rouhani - repo …
Anyone still up   is replaying the game! 😉😁🙌🏻👍🦅 now I can watch it without almost having a hea  attack! World fn champs!
Any one who suppo s a terrorist is a terrorist !
British Labour MP Jo Cox was murdered by a sympathiser/member of 'Britain First  .  She was stabbed repeatedly in a cow… 
7.God Rap (Original Beat by. JCole)
What is  , the symbol of Islamic Supremacist anti-West symbolism doing at the  SuperBowl? Shame on  . Spi… 
The King of Jordan tells FareedZakaria that in America   maybe there's a lack of understanding of Islam,   adds that…   
I hope  ShahSpeaksInRajyaSabha about BJP govt that allows trade with  Pakistan via the same LoC that is used by Pak…  
Destruction, dead bodies and aggrieved residents:  Mosul after liberation (GRAPHIC)    Iraq 
Man Arrested at JFK for Trying to Join ISIS -  
Kindly do some research on  Ahmadiyya Muslim Community. Hazrat Mirza…
These Canadian extremist like their defense minister are not only fucking this beautiful country but also inducing hat…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup…   
Middletown K9 unit fends off dog attack - Cincinnati News, FOX19-WXIX TV   
🚨🛡ARMY ATTACK🛡🚨
STOCK CLEARANCE CNY! 🍁 JUALAN BANTU STUDENT! 👩🏼‍🎓👨🏻‍🎓
Iran: Simultaneous With the Uprising, the Inhumane Pressure Against Political Prisoners Intensify…   
Parents praise school as activists step up attack on hijab ban primary &amp; Hitler video circulates   https:…
When we got a rookie grand slam, Shawol didn't attack us 
Word: Hussain ibn Ali a.s
Listen to   on   re  Syrian  refugees at risk of being pushed back into  Syria despite ongoing…  
Thank God!  
They just annihilated  Idlib. With no regards to human life. Chemical weapon attack, 68 airstrikes...so many children dead. J… 
FORWARD RSS, send any RSS feed to any email.    software  blogger | SEO Digital Marketing | G…   
Beyond the horizons, beat the hea s, of the  Pakistanis living abroad, for this beach and the land, they call home…   
You are not allowed to take more than 10k out of Canada..unless you are an ISIS Club memb…
Godse saved India from disaster. Salutations.
Machete-wielding man repo edly shot by guards near president's office in Tehran —   World News  
Students crossing the road in jamrud  Pakistan  
Ready to attack the track...  MGMonday   ieschi…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
Superficial knowledge breeds arrogance; true knowledge induces humility.- Shaykh Yasir Qadhi  Muslims  Life  Islam
Iranian women on the wall in downtown  Tehran fighting forced  hijab.
Barcelona attack Neymar: Accuses Him of Playing “Cat and Mouse”  
That's precisely why they are now branded as terrorists. Their above ground followers should also be treated as such.
President   Iran cannot be indifferent to air pollution
Europe: Making Islam Great Again  
2018-02-05 01:14:17: test message !@ $%^&amp;*()_+{}|:&lt;&gt;?,./;'[]\-=   
i cringe every time i see this  
Iran: Political Prisoner’s Complaint Letter Against Five Prison Authorities to UN  HumanRights Rappo eur…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
raNikita This is a similar response like   not all Muslims are terr…   
You should give in charity when you are still healthy &amp; greedy for wealth, hoping for a long life &amp; fearing  pove y. Don'… 
.  :  RegimeChange Is Coming In  Iran   … via    IranProtests  IranUprising  FreeIran
BRUSSELS (AP) - The only surviving member of the Islamic State cell that attacked Paris in…    
Quaid e Azam
Its true. We recieved info that Miguna has suffered an Asthma attack. I have with me an inhaler but the OCS has become hos…
ISIS is the con they invented to kill our people, occupy our country and save  Assad genocidal regime. Their publi…   
@ _com: Children protest after  Israel demolishes the only educational facility in Palestinian community   https:…
Caliph of the Worldwide  Ahmadiyya Muslim Community has a message for Mr. Donald Trump:
War is between matching armies.
If liberals claim that acts of terror in the name of Islam is not representative of the true face of Islam, how come one p… 
I think if they fly a squadron of He111s over I'd suggest we'd be in a better position than them!
Those demanding separation of J&amp;K on the score of Islam are terming me   communal, anti-national, reactionary, narrow-minde… 
Concealed Permit Holder Pulls Gun, Stops Attack on Police Officer - Breitba    
We sadly repo  that one of our Lebanese Army soldiers was ma yred late last night in  Tripoli  no h  Lebanon during an…
STAR WARS EPISODE I: THE PHANTOM MENACE
Here Here!! Well said  
Iran: Political Prisoner’s Complaint Letter Against Five Prison Authorities to UN  HumanRights Rappo eur  
Good mor   Sir My Hea iest Congratulations to you 4 such free,frank N fearless Statement,Fully agree with U,70… 
Breaking: Turkish military convoy once again attempts to head towards southern  Aleppo    Syria  T…
I got them too but i got them from other followers too so I think it's some so  of hack on twitter.…  
Shocking video.
US troops arrive to Israel for a drill simulating massive missile attack on Israel.
Eco  Slim  In  Pakistan  Official  ®  Shop  Pakistan  My  Shop 101
As the sons and daughters of Steve Bantu Biko we as   shall always defend any black person under direct att…
Hossein Niakan was arrested in 81 received 2 years.But Haj Davood Rahmani, head of the prison did not release him after… 
So apparently people who want to leave the EU are the same as terrorists? Remainers seriously need hel…  
Redshank is getting out of control   
Iran: Suppressive Forces Attack the Striking Workers in Major Sugar Cane Company   …  IranProtes…
AnkitSaxena: Girlfriend's mom planned attack, ‘created' road rage scene to pull him out of car 
China unlike  Europe and  America is brutally punishing Radical  Muslims -  Europe should take note  
Kashmir is the jugular vein of  Pakistan - Muhammad Ali Jinnah - Founder of Pakistan  KashmirSolidarityDay 
I’ve only thought I’ve had an anxiety attack before. Good gravy.
The next attack on Rosenstein begins  
Unfo unately, it's the ugly truth, do you know that  ISIS are relying on fatwas of major Sunni scholars that allows them to… 
In 1930s Bengal, my family were terrorists. Check my new piece in the Guardian arguing that women’s political pa icipation… 
This is ANOTHER national disgrace. Our government are literally daring us to sta  a civil war... and if that happe…  
Sharia Scare Shakes  UK 'Law of the land go to hell'  
My amazing mate was killed last night in an unprovoked attack. If you’ve any information or if you were in Maya, please c… 
More details on suspected chlorine attack: 9pm local a helicopter marked “1253” was seen headed towards Saraqeb. Re…  
It's better to die fighting for freedom then to live life in chains..!!
Please read this and say you feel like vagina   . You guys seem to have watched so much of porn, likes o…   
Head of  Iran regime's prisons admits that 5000+ ppl were arrested during  IranProtests; among them nearly 1400 women. Tru…
Agama &amp; bangsa slu jd mixed kt Malaysia ni..stress rasa..u r Islam? So u Melayu la..come o…
islamic sexy girls bar naked girls having sex  
Child beheading group   Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zenki   is joining the Turkish Army in the offensive against the Syrian Democ… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel m…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel m…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel m…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel m…   
Chenaran, NE  Iran 
History teaches us nothing..........:(  
A UNIFIED CANADA WONT BE DIVIDED!!
A French Nuclear Attack Submarine &amp; 039;Sunk&amp; 039; a U.S. Navy Aircraft Carrier  
Former President of  Pakistan and President  PPPP   calls upon   to honor commitments made to Kashmiris -…
Kashmir is the jugular vein of  Pakistan - Muhammad Ali Jinnah - Founder of Pakistan  KashmirSolidarityDay 
They conned you &amp; said they were fighting  ISIS while in reality they are committing daily savage genocidal crimes aga…
a few points on the attempted drive-by massacre of people of color in Macerata during Italy's electoral campaign: 1) the si…
GilgitBaltistan fully suppo s freedom of Occupied Kashmir. The youth of Kashmir has decided to resist the occupation by a…
THIS IS DETENTION WITHOUT TRIAL, and all the horrors that went with it, including denial of prescribed life saving medicatio… 
These to ure-deaths in prisons are in addition to the 50 or so people who were murdered in the first week of  IranProtests…
AmericaSuppo sTerrorism ...! America is a friend of terrorist organizations...!  PKK  ISIS  FETÖ  
&gt;&gt; CHYREN EXECUTIVE ORDER 2 CANADA ARMY : LET'S WIN AGAINST THULE ALPHA SECT ! STA  FRANCE OVERLORD OPS 4 ISIS SYSTEM…
Trinidad's jihadis: how tiny nation became Isis recruiting ground  
YPG   PKK,  PYD,  YPG,  DEASH,  ISIS,  YPJ's 935 terrorists were neutralized in  Afrin 
News: Iran-Pakistan gas pipeline Iran warns of legal action against ....    Pakistan  news…  
SAA and allies capture   Ma'sarran - Buyud Safaf - Abo al-Kheir   villages after clashes with IS terrorists in no h-east Ha… 
News: Indian troops injure two children across LoC.    Pakistan  news  morningmail  morning.pk  
US sta s  Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over IS ( )  
Attack on Titan Chapter 101 Motion Manga Premiere Teaser!!
aafaque_ehsens_ideamines_sites Doing what by rights the  Pakistan govt should    
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Feb 5 - Tehran,  Iran 
You seem the problem I have with Islam??
“Regime change is the only hope for the people of Iran (and the region).”   writes via   ||  Ir…
Kafranbel: The Russian Aggression fo h Attack in the city of Kafranbel - Syria  
ISIS Propaganda Magazine Tells Muslim Around the World to Sacrifice Their Lives, 'Trample Democracy'   
Europe orders British press NOT to reveal when terrorists are Muslims    via  
National Army  FSA and  Turkish Armed Forces captured Shurki village in  Afrin from  YPG militants
Well as 80%+ of the USA is white then surely that's to be…  
Once again, an attack that was po rayed by officials as “inspired” by the Islamic State with little connective tissue to… 
Australia gave me everything Islamic governments took away from me.
Could be a hea  attack, get that checked out sis   
The Jerusalem Post was originally the The Palestine Post - a Jewish newspaper covering events in Eretz Yisrael. But in 194…
Iranian Canadians in  Toronto held rally to suppo   IranUprising   and  calling for  FreeAllProtesters  براندازم  IranPro… 
There is growing call in the UK to allow the Muslim community to be tried under sharia law and have their own individual…
US State Dept Spox   last Thursday said that repo s of chlorine gas being used against civilians in Eastern…
1 month to go until Attack on Titan Season 2 BD/DVD English release
Throat slit in front of his parents who were begging for his life. Mother tried desperately to stop bleeding from his ne…
More details on suspected chlorine attack: 9pm local a helicopter marked “1253” was seen headed towards Saraqeb. Repo s…
12 Taliban militants killed in Afghan airstrikes    Defence  International  Security  SouthAsia  Terrorism
YOUR EVENTS
Maryam Rajavi at press conference in the council of Europe   via    MaryamRajavi…  
BIG WIN € 61.000 ▶️  ◀️  retweet  win   Egypt  Poltava  Flames   War  Double  Play  Superbet…  
This doctor was a victim of a racist attack, but instead of suppo ing him, his university put him on probation.   
Trump has said nothing a…  
Is the PM deliberately delaying Brexit so the EU can get their army in place and threaten to attack us if we leave?
ParisAttacks suspect  salahabdeslam to go on trial in  Belgium
Israel: the national  opera is selling up its costume!  …  
Trudeau Logic:
The King of Jordan tells   that in America   maybe there's a lack of understanding of Islam,   adds that the phrase   pe… 
Power up175,    Attack scope1 
&gt; despite of blatant evidence of lucid political intention, indiscriminate execution, public claim, danger of emulation. Ha… 
Threat of WAR: Turkey to 'target' US troops in Syria for suppo ing Kurdish ‘terrorists’  
There has to be atleast one scouser that’s conve ed to Islam because of Mo Salah 😭😭
But who coined the word   tax terrorism   
Turkish army attack Jindires with howitzers    Erdogan  Turkey  NATO  Afrin  Syria  FSA
'Prayers from Derawar', a view of Derawar fo   CholistanDese  from Derawar mosque  SouthPunjab  Pakistan   
MY FINGERS ARE FREAKIN TIRED on PLAYING THIS!
Muslims return to Quran in everything  ep3_M&amp;S  
BREAKING: Man shot and arrested in  Iran after trying to break into president's office - deputy governor of  Tehran  
US sta s Iraq drawdown after defeat of Islamic State group
الومنيوم  زجاج  سكريت  عاكس  دبل  Glass  عازل  للصوت  المرايات 0546931285 / 0555205283
YPG   PKK,  PYD,  YPG,  DEASH,  ISIS,  YPJ's 935 terrorists were neutralized in  Afrin 
KashmirSolidarityDay   MochiGateJalsa  Join us on  5thFebruary 2018  at  Lahore   KashmirDay  to show the solidarity w…
Almost had a hea  attack when the judge made his decision. Either too much coffee or too little air inside the cou…  
Rightly pointed out that in many ways we have deviated from vision of  Pakistan presented by founder of the nation Quaid e A…
Breaking: Islamic ministry ge coordinator Hisham ves Isthiufaa dheefi   
Nigerian Newspapers Headlines For Today, Monday, 5th February 2018: 4. No need for $1bn excess crude oil fund to fi…   
Idlib tonight.
First images and drawings of  Parisattacks suspect  Abdeslam on trial in  Brussels  
If Boko Haram Is Defeated, Then There Is No Need For $1BN ECF- Fayose: Ekiti State Governor, Ayodele Fayose has res…   
Don't forget Turkey was very happy to share their border with ISIS &amp; Al-Qaeda. Just look at this ISIS rat getting…
How to Pronounce Soupy Hoop ↺ ❤    dark  rimy  booty-bumping  foggedin  fight  foggy…  
Why are people protesting in  Iran?    Trump
KashmirMatters
🆘‼😬🔥  Germany: Hatred and violence in  Salzgitter-Lebenstedt!  Kurds attacks with iron bars, kicks and fists a car at a… 
Uptill now , world charity is running ur country and terrorism both. What if they stopped it,. Forge…   
US sta s Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over IS: Some 4,000 American troops to remain in country as ji…   
To vote Afifa Anjum Khattak from  Peshawar for  Pakistan  IntegrityIdol2017, type Idol &lt;space&gt; Afifa and send to '8…   
Bloop  
Winner of   Mosul Postwar Camp   competition   
Making sense.
GOOD NEWS FROM MMC!!!!  TurkeyKillsCivilians  TwitterKurds  NotEvenAnInch  EyesOnAfrin  DefendAfrin  Efrin  Afrin…  
Deadly Interferences: The Regional Proxy War in Yemen  Iran  
Mullahs terrorist regime is the disgrace of the humanity.
london: Women deficient in religion  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
Sta UpNation just got a new moniker: Sta -Up Cities. Find out how  Israel is leading the way in  Sma City  tech her…
Cardiff baptisms for religious asylum seekers fleeing  Iran - BBC News    IranProtests  
Iran: 29 Protesters Sent to Cou  For Removing Hijabs  WomensRights
Indigenous people who have used Stevia for centuries are seeing an attack on their rights    
My sister was arrested in October 82.  She spen a lot of time in solitary. Judge Salavati gave her 5 years in prison.…
Greenblatt:  Iran gives Hamas $100 million annually for  Terrorism - Ynetnews  
JustinTrudeau responds to Bacardi closure:
Cardiff baptisms for religious asylum seekers fleeing  Iran - BBC News: BBC News
Have you checked out our rashguards lately? .  
The gift that keeps on giving...  
The attack on pres Zuma &amp; the ANC is orchestrated, leaving SA's great majority hapless.A corporate mainstream media car… 
Again, Herdsmen Attack Ogun Communities, Sack 30 Schools   (AllAfrica) 
Good!  
BREAKING: Apache attack helicopter crashes into HOUSE – casualties repo ed    ADI  CCTV  Cameras  News
got new sas tactic you need to leave or get away if isis after you well the prophet Mohamed just stade up…  
Iran - These  HumanRights defenders must be released immediately and unconditionally
I pray this come to an end soon. Something serious has to be done. These are my brothers and sisters wasting…
Video ||  Syria
China unlike  Europe and  America is brutally punishing Radical  Muslims -  Europe should take note  
StandWithUs: The Jerusalem Post was originally the The Palestine Post - a Jewish newspaper covering events in Er…  
StandWithUs: It's 2018 people. Let's hope there's no need for more anti-discrimination lawsuits for incidents ag…  
StandWithUs: At Least Five Imams in America Have Called for the Death of Jews -- yet nothing has been done to st…  
our national security leaders have taken active measures to suppress both analysis and discussion of  islam, under…   
Haha, talk about inferiority and hideousness. You set a perf…   
WORLD  NEWS  UPDATE :
I   Iran:  Tehran protest, chant of 'Death to the Dictator' IranProtests  IranUprising…   
Pakistan Forum Nottingham
Absolute nonsense and you know it! What about your hero   , conveniently forgot abo…   
Mullahs terrorist regime is the disgrace of the humanity.
The  SyrianArmy liberates, from  ISIS terrorists, three new villages no heast of  Hama: Maasaran, ByoudSafaf and Abulkheir 
Gangssters will not let Punjab’s state of affairs ever be damaged with terrorists: Suresh Arora…  
ObamaNation, Fatted For SLAUGHTER    obamanation  sin  judgment  repent  babylon  beast  christian  muslim  a… 
When a right-wing US govt is worried about your country, that's when u know that they are getting their hands di y.  democr… 
Thanks to the 569 Tweeters who Retweeted this Tweet. It got an impo ant message to 51000 people who've read it, bringing… 
our national security leaders have taken active measures to suppress both analysis and discussion of  islam, under threat… 
Air strikes have targeted Kafr Nabl Surgical Hospital in  Syria  Idlib this morning around 9am local time.  
Huckabee:    on the 911  Mosque at Ground Zero  
50,000+  people die directly due to air pollution from industry and vehicles in Uk annual… 
Thoth was universally identified with Nabi Idris (alayhis salam) in classical Isl…
Nigerian government is committing genocide on Biafrans and Christians  FreeBiafra from jihadist terrorist Nigeria under @…
Is it terrorism to defend your land from foreign invasion by any means?  Afrin
This is amazing, historic! 
Russian and Syrian airstikes continuing this morning in  Idlib following ferocious attack yesterday targeting civilians,… 
Israel  JewishPress broadcast by  TheIsraelCompany✡: Arabs Cutting Down the Forests of Gush Etzion - Entire forest…  
Israel  JewishPress broadcast by  TheIsraelCompany✡: Temple Mount Group Calls on Visitors to File Police Complaint…  
Israel  JewishPress broadcast by  TheIsraelCompany✡: Who Owns the Holocaust? - This dispute is about who sets the…  
Do you think it’s too optimistic to hope that positive actors will bribe their way into the country and…  
Fulani Herdsmen don join body attack some communities dem for Ogun state again    
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
20BlockShow🗣🎙🔥You can’t deny fire🔥‼️FWM  unsigneda ist  rapper   independenta ist  barz  Nj  Jersey  Detroit  NY…  
Shocking, just shocking!!   
More women in  Iran are risking imprisonment by removing their  hijab to protest against forced hijab and posting it with…
Wat a great day for India😍
Kenyan cells are hell for an asthmatic person. Jubilee should free general Miguna on humanitarian grounds. The cold in the…
Julian justified Turkish airstrikes against  civilians in Afrin, but is outraged when civilians are killed in Russian airstrik… 
Terrorism insurance lifeboat:  UK faces 'far more complex and dangerous' threat in 2018 from extremists - City A.M.  
Black people get angry about being shot dead by police: “Thugs! Domestic terrorists! Bring back hanging!”
I added a video to a   playlist   PUBG iOS/Android (Jedi survival of the attack) Gameplay In School Place
Paris attacks suspect silent as trial begins: media - BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving suspect in the 2015…   
Friday- Iran's judiciary claims 29 detained in latest protests against compulsory veil.On Sunday,  Rouhani's office re… 
CNA: Japanese army helicopter crash sparks fire in residential area - TOKYO: A Japanese army Apache attack helicopt…  
It's time we discuss gun rights. People take advantage of a person being alone and attack in a group and…
Telenor’s sta up ‘IGNITE’ wins as internal sta up, although last qua er sales decline 
Now imagine, how Shias feel. Every non-Shia claims to know more about Shiism than we do. Telling us what we believe…   
AFP spokesperson Col. Edgard Arevalo: 'The Armed Forces of the Philippines will continue to do its mandate of serving and…
STOCK CLEARANCE CNY! 🍁 JUALAN BANTU STUDENT! 👩🏼‍🎓👨🏻‍🎓
.  :  RegimeChange Is Coming In  Iran   … via    IranProtests  IranUprising  FreeIran
Terrorist Attack on Russian Embassy in Afghanistan Foiled - Source  
Please cut the bullshit. There is no doubt that Adeeb stole millions from public coffers, enriched his friends, paid gangs and… 
Israel  Reuters  NEWS  broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Paris attacks suspect silent as trial begins: media - BRUSSE…  
UK  REUTERS  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Paris attacks suspect silent as trial begins - media - BRUSSELS (…  
Israel  Reuters  NEWS  broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Stocks punished as inflation shadow spooks bonds - SYDNEY (R…  
Paris attacks suspect silent as trial begins: media - BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving suspect in the 2015…  

dreaming of a better time, hoping to live long enough   
iHea Awards  BTSARMY  BestFanArmy  JIMIN
mednews  hcsm Debate sessions at Acute Cardiovascular Care 2018 to focus on treatment for hea  attack patients  
Japan Still Leads Asia In  bitcoin Market  asiabitcoin  fsa  japan  japanbitcoinregulation    
After taking  MaaratAlNuman Hospitals out of service last night,  RuAF now targeting  Kafranbel Surgical Hospital,  Idlib, whe… 
Let's behead those who believes in throat slitting of non believers until they stop believing.  
REUTERS  HEADLINES broadcast by  TheIsraelCompany✡: Paris attacks suspect silent as trial begins: media - BRUSSELS…  
We are from at D   NOW, calling , to push  Iran regime  … 
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 223.132.35.102  
Paris attacks suspect silent as trial begins: media - BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving suspect in the 2015…  
Japanese army helicopter crash sparks fire in residential area | TOKYO, Feb 5 (Reuters) – A Japanese army Apache at…   
Only at stake if your NWO gets in Soros. We won't let it  
Tôi đã thích video   PUBGM BY TIMI (Jedi survival of the attack) AWSOME GAMEPLAY BIG UPDATE IRON FIRST +MORE
this is i take from youtube. just watching..
POPAlien_: Who's this dumbass and does he know he's defending Al Qaeda in  Syria??
Doctor Game: The nitric oxide key to prevent hea  attack    hea disease
Trump Suppo ing Italian Populist Leader: Islam Endangers Italy, Vows to Fo ify Borders   via   News 
Ombudsman junks charges vs De Lima for allegedly aiding terrorists    
Government's next steps for the NHS to tackle cyber crime   and read what a cyber expe  has…  
:  Turkey deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdag says US troops will be targeted if they stand next to PYD/YPG fighters in  Syria…
Despite the pain, pove y, siege, unemployment, a way from wars. 
WATCH as the Kurdish YPG target Turkish machinery in Syria's Afrin    Syria  YPG  Afrin
Israel  Globes  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS Arkia accuses El Al of putting flight schedules at risk - Arkia…  
news - KFH Capital Trusts KFH Group Performance  KFH Capital: Management, Arrangement and Issuance of US$ 1 Billio…   
BREAKING: US sta s Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over IS - AL-ASAD AIRBASE, Iraq (AP) - American tro…   
BREAKING:
Reuters  Tech  Geek  SWFL  Home  Money  Forex  MichaelDMay  World Paris attacks suspect silent as trial begins: me…  
Corbyn's been sucking up to IRA monsters for decades: As Gerry Adams says he'd make a great PM, how the Labour been…   
URGENT: Attack on Russian ambassy in  Afghanistan foiled
ex Muslims are sad wallah. most of their criticisms of Islam are not only false, but are like the exact opposite of what the… 
IM HAVIG A HEA  ATTACK I AM NOT OKAY!!!!!
Jessica...I remember seeing the video of a SEAL falling out of the back of Chinook hit by Al Queda ground fire, then being e… 
Almost had a hea  attack when the judge made his decision on Samsung heir Lee. Either too much coffee or too littl…  
WE DIDN'T ASK FOR THIS MISTER  
Kapil Sibal will defend terrorist Salim who killed Chandan Gupta for chanting Vande Matram. These thugs will come to your d…
It was Fire Attack not Fire Accident at Madurai Meenakshi Temple , if State Police fails to investigate we will approach TN… 
A beautiful sight to behold: Church services return to Syria’s Deir Ezzor after 6 years of terrorism at the hands of the “mo…
is it safe to say that we can not only declare victory over ISIS, but also in Iraq in general?  We've left them wit…   
Chenaran, NE  Iran 
Macro-less malware: The cyclical attack - Last year, attackers linked to the Russian hacking group APT28 (sometimes…   
Well Corbyn recieves his first endorsement for being Prime minister from Gerry Adams of sinn fein next endorsment will come…
Analysts: Conceptualizing  Palestinian ethnic cleansing as a continuous phenomenon, coinciding with  Israel's reality of col… 
Avengers: Infinity  War: New trailer released during  SuperBowl 52  
There are many more doable things to Jihadi ISIS type criminals in our society, rather than offering our hanging he…   
Wig wearing tricks  . lol.   Wanna talk crazy  . Okay ahahha. 
Bcuz india has army pakistan has jihadists who create terrorists and same terrorists bite back
An informed source told Sputnik  Afghanistan that a terrorist attack on a Russian Embassy in  Kabul has been prevented http…
The 'Islamic Sharia Council' in East London is the capital's biggest 'Sharia Cou ', operating outside of the British lega… 
Sikorsky Qualifies Weapons System for Digital Black Hawk Helicopter - Integrated system simplifies high accuracy ta…  
A beautiful gift for gem   from. saudiarabia 💙  
Jihadist rebels recapture towns from themselves as fake news assault against Syrian Army in  Idlib reaches new levels of…
IdahoHoneyPot: Shields UP!!  NTP incoming NTP attack from 185.35.63.131  
ig: “It turns out the much-maligned chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., is one of the mo… 
urnerAU    …  
ISIS mindset of this gandu Vinay so the whole BJP is Hindu ISIS
In Mike Pence’s feud with Joe Manchin, the vice president’s staffers could be breaking ethics rules if they’re using their of… 
Pakistan has declared war, are our missiles just for  Rajpath display, asks  ShivSena    India  Ceasef… 
Animals Attack People caught on camera!  Topbuzz  
Wow....so if a major attack occurs on US soil, it will be . 's fault for approving the memo release?! You can… 
So-called FSA: Assad regime and Russia are killing our people; let's go kill some Kurds for Erdogan!  
PPPStandwithKashmir  Kashmiries   Brother's And  Sister's in  Kashmir. We Will Fight for Kashmir Always. Because Kashm…
🔴Join us!!!
AMEN!  
I am fed up with being under the thumb of the Islamic community  . 
Kurds from Sinjar and east of Euphrate regions march to Afrin against turkish and jihadist occupation
GOOD NEWS FROM MMC!!!!  TurkeyKillsCivilians  TwitterKurds  NotEvenAnInch  EyesOnAfrin  DefendAfrin  Efrin  Afrin   Roj…
Iran, Russia, Syria, Iraq stress cooperation against Daesh, other terror groups 
The best thing is to be follow the teachings of islam. This is the best solution for everything.   JudgesAtWar
yes we are aware Muslims are united against kafirs when it comes to Islam,…   
You can't   literally   attack free speech. It's a concept, not a physical reality. 
A man has been shot &amp; arrested in  Iran after trying to break into the office of Iranian President Hassan  Rouhani…  
Tehran Feb 4
New Liberal senator Jim Molan posts inflammatory anti- Muslim videos   via    propaganda  spin
Anti- Imperialist U: Iran/Contra Pt 2: World War 3    Africa  Angola  Cuba  RSA  Iran  Iraq…  
Amber Rudd,that's simply not true. 
syrian arab army is battling for control with amerika’s daesh over palestine street  
i didn't know but I have been waiting for this a icle  
S: Ombudsman dismisses graft and terrorism cases vs. Sen. Leila de Lima and ex-Sulu Vice Gov. Tan over the 2013 release of susp…
I really wish this people knew how painful Asthma is 😭😭😭i am asthmatic myself and i wouldnt even sta  to imagine what…
SerenaShim exposed the ruth  ISIS  Turkey  Syria the price was her life.  BootsOnTheGround lett  …
@ _com: Children protest after  Israel demolishes only school in Palestinian community    
Wow I love the new actors for the live action Attack on Titan movie  
Make the Quran your best friend; the more you sit with it, the more it honours you, gives you its secrets and elevates… 
Machete-wielding man repo edly shot by guards near president's office in Tehran  
Gandhi was agreed to give 7 km wide corridor between East and West Pakistan secured by Pakistan Army on Indian soil.  
Let's not forget the Italian girl killed by a Nigerian in a  racist attack..
cat fursonas have 3x attack effectiveness on mouse/rat fursoneys
The Avengers: Infinity  War  TV Spot Unites A Universe  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Jews &amp;  Christians Are NOT  Infidels Proved by  Quran! By  YounusAlGohar Islam  Judaism…  
Pa -Time English Teacher 6th/7th/8th grade - Michigan Islamic Institute - Warren, MI   
i think im gonna have a hea  attack
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bi… 
Indian365News Machete-wielding man shot and arrested in  Iran after trying to break into president's office, Iran…   
WE DIDN'T ASK FOR THIS MISTER  
Alhamdulillah for the blessing of Islam, the Greatest blessing ever. 
Ombudsman junks charges vs De Lima for allegedly aiding terrorists    
THE WAY WONWOO ENDED THE SONG GAVE ME A HEA  ATTACK AND MADE ME CRY THE MOST EXCUSE ME I LOVE JEON WONWOO SO MUCH
'Women would have got the vote earlier if not for suffragette terrorists' - Sky News  
Who tweets for you?
Russian  airstrikes kill eight, injure 40 in  Syria’s  Idlib 
America spends billions of dollars a year sponsoring Apa heid and occupation in Israel and the West Bank/Gaza.  This b…
h1987: And clowns believe that Muslim women will reform Islam.  
is: This is wrong interpretation. Among Kurds women have same equality as men and they fight f…
KashmirSolidarityDay
Pluralsight - Animating an Acrobatic Fight Scene in Maya
Once again it proves that a Muslim majority Nation cannot be a genuine democracy. In fact democracy &amp; Islam are totally inco…
US troops arrive to Israel for a drill simulating massive missile attack on Israel.
Maryam Rajavi meets with former US House Speaker Gingrich and Senator To...   via  …  
Terrorism everywhere ... I am sick of it :(
Madness: what happens when you let your religion hijack your reason.  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
ansAcademy: YOUR EVENTS
If God put a man in control to expose corruption, Satan would charm multitudes to hate him &amp; the sound of his name. They'll… 
Don't we keep hearing often ....Terrorism is because of lack education &amp; unemployment?  
Corbyn's been sucking up to IRA monsters for decades: As Gerry Adams says he'd make a great PM, how Labour has been frie… 
It’s strange how   having placards saying Zuma must fall. It’s the DA inside ANC  
Us Muslim Population Expanding Rapidly - Shared from   [   Muslim  
: Manchester United announce Islamic State as club’s first global caliphate pa ner    
Looks like Brunei is off my Christmas Card list and in future no flying Royal Brunei
Hell has been concealed by desires and lusts, while Paradise has been concealed by hardships and adversities.   

Talk about   shooting the messenger  . 
Join us on  5thFebruary at  Lahore  MochiGateJalsa to show the solidarity with  Kashmir &amp; to share the  Pakistan's message…
RussianSanctionsNow
s:  breaking from   this morning: American troops sta  drawdown in Iraq following defeat of Islamic State group
Almost 500 verified targeted attacks on hospitals by  Assad forces! Who the fuck does that and still gets away with it ?  Assad…
Ninetales♀ Feint Attack/Overheat (IV: 76% - CP: 466 - L: 8) until 03:45:22am  
Terrorist organization  HTS  AlQeada and terrorist organization  FSA's terrorists are fighting over who will...  
But  ,   &amp;   will spin it to say he conso ed with terrorists. Tory pa y has…   
…  
New pictures of the  IdlibGasAttack tonight.
Anti- Imperialist U: Iran/Contra Pt 2: World War 3    Africa  Angola  Cuba  RSA  Iran  Iraq  Syri…
Silent  Massacre!
listen u tweeted that in the Exact minute the mv was released i had the world's largest hea  attack
If Allah has written something to be yours—it will be. Time might be different. The journey might be different. But it…
She exploded himself with a bomb, like a isis. They are terrorist PKK/YPG same. Look afr…   
MI5 fear returning ISIS fighters are recruiting across the UK to carry out terror attacks here. Intelligence agents say…
Hilarious .. big sis didn't attack Meg when she was just an actress on   Suits   but big sis is very…   
No one shall bear the sins of another is an actual verse in the Quran. But you're too small minded to…  
As GiladAtzmon promotes Alison  Chabloz nearly 8 yrs of personal harassment , friend of anti  islamophobia org, antise… 
For benefit of those asking, this is from the 5th century Vishnu temple at Eran in Madhya Pradesh, one of the most glorious anc… 
Feb 3 - Noshar, N  Iran 
'Hundreds of thousands of  refugees are at risk of being pushed to return to  Syria in 2018'  …  
The  SyrianArmy liberates, from  ISIS terrorists, three new villages no heast of  Hama: Maasaran, ByoudSafaf and Abulkhei… 
Tory Brandon Lewis We are going to make it against the law to intimidate people.. you are the intimidators.. you punch wome…
NYT:  Iran-ian President Rouhani's office releases 3-year-old repo  it's been sitting on which shows that 49.8% of Ira…
New study claims terrorists (using ISIS playbook) are taking advantage of political and ethnic divisions to recruit…  
Israel using tourism to legitimise settlements, says EU repo  |   s    
Illinois GOP Rep. under fire for ad mocking transgender community, feminists via   
🇸🇾 Syria  IDLIB
Chenaran, NE  Iran 
Feb 4-  Tehran , Iran 
When the devil tries to attack you but you know the Lord is on your side
ARMYs🌎🌎🌎. ATTACK NOW‼️👊🏻👊🏻
Saddam's eldest daughter Raghad on most wanted list What a conspiracy? The most wanted should be GW Bush, Netanyahu…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
oh my god NAY  
if the cause of death is not specified, the person will simply die of a hea  attack.  DNRules 
who wants my lovinnnn'  
One Officer &amp; Three Jawans Ma yred At LoC Near  Rajouri.  RIP 🙏🇮🇳
Moron   , 
My very large sharp toy for my fight class...
1000 yrs ago, Islam hadn’t set its foot on the subcontinent. By 2100, Hinduism won’t be a majority religion anymore…   
Vegan Eggs Benedict from She Knows... You;ll never miss the bad LDL cholesterol or hea  attack.  A big thank-you t…  
These are the Kind of Liberal Hindus that have led to rise Modi and Yogi. So convenient to drag Islam into an individual cr…
don't know what's more outrageous. these attacks  or the unbelievable lack of international condemnation.  syria  
Digital Pearl Harbor: A Case Study in Industry Vulnerability to Cyber Attack - Springer  
RadicalIslamicTerror It does not dialogue, it does not negotiate, it goes for your throat! 
The 1 thing liberals in MSM is good at it is lying or not revealing facts. They are after all pros at being cons!!  
AL ASAD AIRBASE, Iraq (AP) -- Western contractors at coalition base: American troops sta  drawdown in Iraq following defeat of I… 
It's impossible in a country of 36 million that is an open democracy to track everyone who might potentially become radic… 
Super Bowl? Thank you for keeping Moore a local problem. Missouri has Greitens, Hawley, and another jerk, maybe you…   
KILLING GAZA
New images have emerged showing 5 mass graves of  Rohingya Muslims in  Myanmar and the aftermath of the attack  
A recent study produced by  's research pa ner, Colliers International, revealed that recent reforms and a…   
Vegan Eggs Benedict from She Knows... You;ll never miss the bad LDL cholesterol or hea  attack.  A big...  
VP Igga responsible for attack on U.S diplomat vehicle: Malong    newspapers  feedly
Hahaha always play with straight bat my brother. Don’t play loose shots. Yes we oppose Tali…  
Jaafari “ Syria will not be another  Iraq or  Libya Let me be very clear”   
iusIII    …  
loonatics are out here risking their lives who filmed the hea  attack choreo link me
Love jihad is when
Muslim Conve  To Christianity afraid of father  
How to Do an Attack Header in Soccer | Howcast - The best how-to videos on the web  
Land theft is continuing.  Israel  Palestine  
We're  hiring! Click to apply: Operations Technicians -    CustomerService  Israel  Job  Jobs  CareerArc
.  The Special Rappo eurs need to take this matter as an  urgent issue, collectively and individual…   
4 Reasons Make Us Conve  to Islam | About Islam  
I don't pretend to predict the future, or to be any kind of h…   
aza: A Democratic Leader should never fear facing the media. Rouhani setting example. He will speak on  IranianProtests   h…
U.S. sta s  Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over IS  
BREAKING: Man shot and arrested in  Iran after trying to break into president's office - deputy governor of  Tehran h…
Ledger Addresses Man in the Middle Attack That Threatens Millions of Hardware Wallets  
Gerbils can smell adrenaline but trials in airpo s showed they couldn’t tell the difference between terrorists and people w…
Rana Ullah, Law Minister Punjab, has to take ce ificate of being Muslim. Mullahs are empowered by the state to put…   
CJP takes suo motu notice of Islamabad’s F-8 ground encroachment -    Pakistan  
After catapulting, SU-25 pilot Roman Filippov's last words were,   This is for the guys!   prior to blowing himself up via… 
Can you imagine pa icipating in a foreign attack on America and then being upset that there’s an investigation?
Reham Khan launches a new attack on Chairman IK. One can clearly see where she is coming from considering the pain she…
Strategy  War M2a3 Bradley Infantry Fighting Vehicle Infographics - The Bradley Infan.. [   
Cenetral Information Secretary  PPPP MNA Dr.   Jillani Shiba message on  5thFebruary   kashmirSolidarityDay KA…
Mot (Void): Repel Enemy Attack - 62m - 16100cr - 300x Plastids (Resource)
After the green line from Cairo.
Bad girlfriend... アタック厄洗い
Announcement:
ISIS is the con they invented to kill our people, occupy our country and save  Assad genocidal regime. Their public d… 
watch older group stans attack me
Then stop it, instead of suppo ing it!   
Anemia causes shih tzu dogs immune system to attack itself and kill off their blood cells.
In that case apparently there's a lack of understanding of Islam by the radicals who use such a…   oF8Jb
Anti- Imperialist U: Iran/Contra Pt 1: The Secret Team    Cuba  Laos  JFK  Vietnam  Nicaragua…  
Scientology is a cult.
So just what is the   Resistance   resisting exactly? 
Former NATO Commander: ‘Turkey is Suppo ing ISIS’   via  
The attack, the first big one after 2013, took place when the troops were playing volleyball match,injuring 13. 
He’s right but it’s more -some ppl here don’t like it when someone or thing is different than themselves. The same…  
FalseEquivalence is the biggest weapon of obfuscation.  LoveJihad is a systematic effo  at targeting &amp; conve ing non-Musli…
11 years into the internationally-backed Israeli blockade of ⁦ Gaza⁩, traders and businesses are on the verge of an econom… 
I SAID IM HAVING A BISEXUAL ATTACK  
Now imagine, how Shias feel. Every non-Shia claims to know more about Shiism than we do. Telling us what we believe…   
IDLIB this evening!
More highlights from new TTP vid:
TWO ISLAMICS CHATTING.
For  Palestinians, agriculture is more than a source of income - It is tied to the people’s history, identity, and the strug… 
My hea  dropped when i saw the  GetWellSoonNamjoon ,i know its not gonna be a good news 
k: There's a difference between europa cup and champions league, the bastard almost gave me hea  attack 
What do u do when UK Politicians &amp; Police fail 2 purge Sex Grooming Gangs?  Answer: EDUCATE community on dangers of thes…
I've always found it odd that Gerard Batten calls islam a death cult but he's never labelled a…
Press freedom violations recounted in real time January 2018  political  Canada  pakistan
In Pakistan -   Hate toward non-Muslims is a pa  of the school curriculum. Hate is taught in educational institutions a… 
The pe inent word here is 'forced'...... Well done that lady.  
One of the biggest dangers of the Internet is the recruitment by terrorist groups like ISIS. The Internet has no bo…  
Struggle of Kashmiris destined to succeed: COAS -    Pakistan  
A recent study produced by  's research pa ner, Colliers International, revealed that recent reforms and aggressive t… 
might just be a sick twisted individual who likes watching people getting beaten to a pulp?  …  
Masara Kim's blog - News and Current Affairs: 10,500 Militia Allegedly Sent to Attack Plateau, O...   
When a woman says that being alone with a man or a group of men makes her afraid, don't be a little pissbaby and take it a… 
'Suffragettes were inspirational - not terrorists'  
May God grant Roman Filipov eternal rest among his saints, and may his memory be eternal.   
Machete-wielding man repo edly shot by guards near president's office in Tehran —   World News  
I can you wanted the army here the same ones that were doing th…  
How is pulling Private Medical Insurance into line   an attack on the Free Market  ? 
2015 Paris attack suspect Salah Abdeslam faces charges concerning a police shootout in the Belgian capital in March…  
Horrible footage from  Syria. You think you've seen the worst this bloody war had caused, and every time it finds new ways… 
Iran controlled Bukamal now  ISIS is creeping in  
Official Turkish body said it was OK for girls to marry at 9, claims it was only following Islam —   World News   
H.E. Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein (  High Commissioner for Human Rights), Dr. Nur Hassan Wirajuda (Minister for Foreign Affairs of… 
Desh24News Machete-wielding man shot and arrested in  Iran after trying to break into president's office, Iran gov…   
Bhai is our next big thing on Twitter👍  
President of the World Council of Arameans slams YPG for blatant human rights violations and kidnapping children to…  
High Commendation Award at the maiden  
Oil and sulphur fires that burned for nine months as ISIS was routed from Iraq are taking a heavy toll on civilians and Iraq'…
No difference in Pakistan on Kashmir policy: PM Abbasi -    Pakistan  
Whil…  
Many thanks to legal expe s &amp; compatriots who pa icipated in Hearing on  1988Massacre by  Iran rgm in  Geneva; an effe…
Only with independence will we have the the authority, as a matter of public health, to delouse Pacific Quay. 
Ninetales ♀ Feint Attack/Overheat (IV: 4% - CP: 1579 - L: 30 until 04:44:38am.  
Ankit Saxena murder: Girlfriend's mom planned attack, 'created' road rage scene to pull him out of car, says eyewitness   
With Doctors Repo , you can track which illnesses are common in your area    
You don’t know what you’re fucking with    
BREAKING: Man armed with MACHETE shot by cops outside Presidential office in Iran    Iran…  
There are other Jews remains being held by an Islamic enemy state.  NnamdiKanu and his parents must be repatriated to  IPOB  R…
At 19.18hrs 04.02.18   crews dealt with an Arson attack on a derelict Public House, Castle Inn Old Co…   
New TTP video also contains footage of the exact moment of the explosion at Sibbi Road, Quetta on 18th October 2017: https:… 
NazmulIslam, former  Myanmar soldier who saw his village burn, watched as the army prepared to attack his home in…   
Christie: San Bernardino attack was act of terrorism |    
You’re more likely to have a hea  attack on Mondays.
Don't you think you contradict your own statement?  
Trump nominee for United Nations migration program mocked Islam and climate change, repo  reveals   | Via Newsweek htt… 
New TTP video identifies this man - named Moosa Khan - as the suicide bomber responsible for 18th October 2017 suicide atta…
Tamil is root of all languages
BREAKING: A military attack helicopter has crashed in a residential area in  Saga,  Kanzaki , Japan.   
Here's a song  
FIRST VOTING ATTACK OF THE DAY! We are still behind, please vote as much as possible. 
Terrorists present UK with &amp;quot;far more complex and dangerous&amp;quot; threat in 2018  
As per TTP, he belonged from Darra Adam Khel. His is the sho est introduction in the video. 
Surprisingly got flagged on  GitHub while creating “gists” from own DAICO sma  contract code for today’s post on M…  
ISIS and other  Terrorists groups have over 3000 radicals training in over 22 camps  
onguedDvl   yJen  …  
With yesterday attack by pakistan army its a grest matter of shame for us.
It's vote attack time! How many replies and retweets can we get in 5 minutes?  iHea Awards  CamilaCabello  BestSoloBreak…
Unseat   he’s not fit to hold his office 🤬  
Residents flee homes as tension rises in West Pokot - Elgeyo Marakwet border following banditry attack.  
US arms firm 'quits Iraq' over use of Abrams tanks by  Iran-backed militia  india  Yemen  foxnews
Stop this mass child-killer from  Russia
Great sir  
DEATH WAS BETTER than what Obama was giving us!  FullOfSchiff  ObamaGate  FISAgate  ClintonCash  
Men don’t even react this way to a terrorist attack, but they do for a spo s game. 
Reddit Community PSA in regards to current attack.
Exact moment of the explosion (18th Oct 2017 Quetta attack)  
Tell the families of all the people murdered on 9-11 how peaceful the followers of Islam are.
seonho slicing ingredients and giving seonhoneys hea  attack (2018) 🔪😫🤦  
S. Aleppo : Regime eyes are already on the  Turkish armored convoy...  
From Palestine 🇵🇸 to Columbia🇨🇴 : United for Human Rights, and joining together for a Military Embargo on  Israel…   
This   member has some rather disturbing views. We don’t believe that people who think that “Jews harvest organs”,… 
Ohhh i see ),: I understand. I actually got fired from my last job for having a panic attack on the clock…   
MochiGateJalsa Join us on  5thFebruary at  Lahore  MochiGateJalsa to show the solidarity with  Kashmir &amp; to share…  
New   repo : For every Syrian who returned home last year, three more were newly displaced. Nobody should be pushe… 
If Miguna Miguna is produced in cou , what are the chances that NRM Operatives will be emboldened to commit acts of treason and terrorism? 
This is the end and beginning of 2 dynasty franchises. There will be kids, nationwide, rocking Birds Jerseys for years… 
It's the same thing in every mosque as Jew hate is a 1400 year old Islamic tradition dating back to Mo…  
Feb 4 - Zahedan,  Baluchistan, SE  Iran 
From the angle of the video, it becomes evident that it was filmed by a TTP scout who was on a motorcycle.   
And on capital punishment for terrorists and police killers  
She's having an anxiety attack
So George Soros's White Helmets have just faked a chemical attack again in Syria. Let's see if Trump falls for this one as well…
Muslims ruled the majority of India only for sho  periods during the Delhi Sultanate, which was primarily confined to… 
What makes 0sense is these leftists who think my hard earned tax $’s should fund…
TOKYO (Reuters) - A Japanese army Apache attack helicopter crashed in western Japan on Monday sparking a fire in a…  
NOWPlaying Empire Isis - Every Gyal (Clean iTunes Version) prod by Dennis Blaze - 92 ON Islandunited100.9FM
my hea  omg my hea  u attack my hea  seventeen
Mattis: U.S. will retaliate if  Syria uses chemical weapons again  US  Saudi  foxnews
Next, the new TTP video also contains footage of the exact moment of explosion of 9th November 2017 Quetta SVBIED attack (… 
Indeed!   And whosoever puts his trust in Allaah, then He will suffice him.   [al-Talaaq 65:3]  Muslims  Islam  Life 
Westminster Terror Attack - Hot Topics - LBC  
For every Syrian who returned home last year, three more were forced to flee. Despite this, hundreds of thousands o…   
I hope Pamela has a great coterie of well-trained armed guards.  
What choice do we have left when our Parliament is under military siege, the Supreme Cou  paralysed, the media under co… 
Al_Akhtar, indulging in some fine  Al_Taqiyya !   
Media
Stop killing  Baloch  People.
From the angle of the video, this one appears to be CCTV footage, although it's missing time/date stamps that are usually c… 
Ever heard of   Falesteen   (as pronounced in Arabic, from before the stupid Brits changed it for   Palestine  ? 
You can’t find it because it’s a lie, this repo  only compares Islamic terrorism to…   
Macro-less malware: The cyclical attack -   -    cybercrime  MSOffice  cybersecurity h…
I didn't mention moderate Muslims, you are the one condoning terrorists.. 
In the Switzerland of the East   Swat  Pakistan - looking forward to travelling fu her east to explore the natural splendo…
Another day another hangover panic attack where I can't breathe.
Finally, the new TTP video also contains CCTV footage from 25th November 2017 suicide attack in Quetta (see:   
Repo er  MarieColvin murdered by Assad in 2012 would indeed be shocked in 8th years of genocidal violence still   BLEAKEST… 
Exclusive -  US Concerned About  Iran’s Effo s to Undermine Iraqi Sovereignty  Australia  ap  Li…
Statistics on Sweden are linked back to a 2015 opinion piece, which links back to a 2013 research brief, which links ba… 
And the ‘international community’ will show itself not to be such. Again   
Congratulations to two of our welders in  SaudiArabia, Sajjad Al Jarash and Ali Al Jaffal, for completing their  welding qual… 
First we blamed bankers for the financial collapse, and now the system  itself    is under attack :) 
'Hundreds of thousands of  refugees are at risk of being pushed to return to  Syria in 2018' 
President of the World Council of Arameans slams YPG for blatant human rights violations and kidnapping children to recruit…
Statement by the General Command of the Syriac Military Council announce they're strongly against the invasion of  Afrin…
No child should have to return home before it is safe. Right now, many pa s of  Syria are unsafe for children.   -…   
Terrorists present UK with   far more complex and dangerous   threat in 2018 
Imagination is the only weapon in the war against reality.   
next in womens clothing in America,    reform immigration   
BREAKING: Man armed with MACHETE shot by cops outside Presidential office in Iran    Iran  Tehran htt…
Well said!
Announcement:
Since you guys are here, a video on proper islamic ruling on menstruation. 
New study claims terrorists (using ISIS playbook) are taking advantage of political and ethnic divisions to recruit new memb…
Now that Australia Day has passed, the left resume their attack on this country, now they have ANZAC day in their sights h… 
MacklinFBl godzilla. pacific rim. power rangers. attack on titan. the host.
The new TTP video also contains longer footage from 1st December 2017 attack on Peshawar Agricultural Directorate. Previous…
KashmirSolidarityDay   MochiGateJalsa  Join us on  5thFebruary 2018  at  Lahore   KashmirDay  to show the solidarity with  K…
Dictator Wahhabi-Jihadist Buhari of  Nigeria is a killer and a vampire.
Not Raqqa or Mosul, even not Tora Bora 
This was an own goal for the anti Israel lobby; the Palestinians interviewed said the PA prisons are worse than the Is…
Gaza is a humanitarian disaster &amp; on the brink of collapse!🆘The International Community knows this but does nothing to inter…
Three men have been charged with murder after the death of man following an attack in a bar in Liverpool.…  
This is very welcome.  China’s agreement nicely complements the £13 million of suppo  to FATA the U.K. is giving also throu…
Ati Ulinidinya Amina?😡😡😡👊👊👊👇👇👇
U.S. sta s Iraq drawdown after defeat of Islamic State group.  
Father spared jail for assaulting a pregnant woman in a road rage attack when she almost hit his eight-old-son whil…  
Sweden,truly a peace loving land has at last awoken 2 reality.Women,yes the weaker sex,R uniting against this scour…   
2015 Charlie Davis insults dr Jill stein. Why did Telesur ever hire him ?    
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Invading countries and slaughtering civilians isn't putting   your life on the line  . Ipso facto, this offensive claim app… 
Manchester terror attack: The victims - Punch Newspapers  
Police release video of storage facility robbery, attack - Washington Times   
dan: walking into the lounge room wearing llama hat
“VAR will disrupt the flow of the game”
Debate sessions at Acute Cardiovascular Care 2018 to focus on treatment for hea  attack patients…  
The real attack on civil service impa iality comes when politicians instruct them to cook up dodgy dossiers (Iraq, Brexi… 
Many will have read about an attack on a solo woman walking near Finisterre and I wish her a full recovery from...  
AUTOBLOG for  WordPress.com &amp; self-hosted WordPress    
PROPHECY IN MOTION: Thousands of Chinese elite troops head to Syria to combat Muslim terrorists they view as a thre…  
Why would Dems even think of the salacious lie that Trump was on video getting urinated on by Russian hookers?
Would you drink di y water? For parents in  Gaza, they have no choice but to risk their little ones lives &amp; give them uns… 
Dubai airpo  retains top international spot in 2017    pakistan  new
1.Have Hindus organised any major protest around India after the murder of Ankit &amp; Chandan by  Muslims ?
This is outrageous. A brave Corporal calls out the Canadian PM for  Canadian reintegration policy for ISIS returnee…  
Pakistan claims India may attack CPEC installations, puts Gilgit-Baltistan’s Home…   
CNN   The King of Jordan tells FareedZakaria that in America   maybe there's a lack of understanding of Islam,   ad…   
iTikoo:  Peace in South Asia is untenable unless  India makes cross-border  terrorism and  war costlier for  Pakistan.
“Regime change is the only hope for the people of Iran (and the region).”   writes via   ||  …
Again, Trump has told the Russians of an impending attack on Korea. When will it happen? When he thinks Mueller is comin… 
Pakistan claims India may attack CPEC installations, puts Gilgit-Baltistan’s Home…   
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan -    news  politics  trump  whitehouse 
Lots of people including Ex Muslims, have messaged asking why the Vice documentary was pulled. It works on Youtube but not t… 
via   Terrorists present UK with   far more complex and dangerous   threat in 2018 
News Brennan the 'father'of ISIS(armed+trained ISIS in Jordan 2012), Closet religious conve  to Wahhabism while in… 
via   Terrorists present UK with   far more complex and dangerous   threat in 2018 
They will collect from both sides, as usual.   
Yes he’s in trouble- libs are too quiet and too soft.  No attack in them
Wow. I stand with   - he shoots straight. Every time.  
Machete-wielding man repo edly shot by guards near president's office in Tehran    
via   Terrorists present UK with   far more complex and dangerous   threat in 2018 
Attack on  Ooni of Ife:  Iwo  Chief  Tackles  Oluwo)    
The Land Of  Biafra Is Currently Under Siege! Judeo-Christian  Biafrans Moan Now. Pres. Bu…  
SaudiArabia is the largest  auto and auto pa s market in the  MiddleEast, accounting for an estimated 40 percent of all veh… 
Hahaha always play with straight bat my brother. Don’t play loose shots. Yes we oppose Tali…  
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
We are looking for a Senior Field Assistant to join   office in  Baghdad to learn more click on the follow…  
Turned on the TV to watch  JustinTimberlake
Concealed Permit Holder Pulls Gun, Stops Attack on Police Officer - Breitba    via   News 
Uk terror attack | Latest News on Uk terror attack | Breaking Stories and Opinion A icles - Firstpost |  
Dutton is on the attack. Stand in solidarity with multicultural Australia - sign the petition!   via  
What are the reasons for the recent  IranProtests? Are they  political or  ideological? Read the   op-ed on the polit…
Syria: despite the threat of Turkish warplaned 10.000s of civilians gathered in  Efrin to protest against the Turkish in…
‘Assad regime did us no harm’ –  Syria  Refugee in Lebanon blame  Daesh for their fate  
Here’s a good question:  
Pakistan Army &amp; Rangers have killed 4 Indian soldiers including an officer In rajouri sector in retaliation to Indian…
Mohammed and Aisha: Is it acceptable for a 53 year old man to sleep with a 9 year old girl?  
Home Secretary   responds to sentencing of Darren Osborne, who was responsible for last year's terrorist attac… 
We've teamed up w/   &amp;  MindTheTech for:  NewYorkPlay2018 international  Sta up competition! Connecting  tech…
Mohammed Riyaz arrested by NIA for allegedly trying to sell his wife to  ISIS as sex slave after forcibly conve ing h…
With tremendous deference to my personal friends   &amp; Sen. Samuel Poghisio, the Gov’t must END Pokot terroris… 
Canada: Two Muslim former University of Manitoba students wanted for jihad terror activities  
Balloon Attack
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Post to Facebook=&gt; Petition: Classify Neo-Nazis As Terrorists In All 50 States!    
Why these men are not arrested ?   
My father was one of those contractors who got screwed by Trump!  It caused him to have a massive hea  at…
Kashmiris show their solidarity with  Pakistan by giving their blood,wraping dead bodies in Pakistani flag and and by pl… 
India ‘plans to attack’  CPEC installations
…  
It just blows my mind how 1 tricking is still allowed in Competitive Overwatch and its Season 8. There shouldn't be…  
News: Libya migrant boat tragedy : FO says 33 Pakistanis including ....    Pakistan  news…  
George ! you forgot to mention there would be every chance that terrorist loving Corbyn would more than likely welc…  
The 1 thing liberals in MSM is good at it is lying or not revealing facts. They are after all pros at being cons!!  
Iraqi Security Forces cont. to search for ISIS cells throughout the country and clear explosives left by the terrorists. Pics…
What about the Droid attack on the Wookiees? -- Ki-Adi-Mundi
Nagaraja Mallikarjuna (right), an emergency  physician from  Bengaluru, India, &amp; Pradeep Samanjeeva (left), an OT…   
Thank you vey much for this thread. It’s very enlightening ✨  
The Islamic State's toxic farewell: Environmental sabotage and chronic disease…    iraq  news
🦋Trump as you have taken on the responsibility of America, watch this video and hear what a responsible leader of…   
BREAKING - Operation Olive Branch: Turkish, Free Syrian Army forces capture Sourkeh village from PYD/PKK terrorists in Afrin, Syria 
The US most ce ainly did, if not directly and openly, cove ly or through its many proxies i.e.  Turkey  Qatar  KSA  Is… 
Terrorists,War criminals &amp; butchers Putin&amp;Assad bomb hospitals &amp; babies using bunker busters, napalm, cluster bombs… 
16Bars🗣🎙🔥You can’t deny fire🔥‼️FWM  unsigneda ist  rapper   independenta ist  barz  Nj  Jersey  Detroit  NY…  
Daphne Anne Caruana Galizia (née Vella; August 26, 1964 –October 16, 2017) Maltese journalist, writer, and anti-cor…   
*MISSING* Zeus and Luschka. Male and female German Shepherd. Edinburg area near UTRGV. Please share!!!!! Zeus is an att…
While section of Media lashes at Chief Justice of Pakistan for overusing,  Suo Moto  ; the same enlightened souls have seldom wr… 
A man has repo edly been shot after trying to break into presidential compound in Tehran:  
I repo ed  IranDeal celebrations from  Iran on this day 2 years ago
@ _com You've lost your head! Learn what Islam says about ASIA..  
The pa y of terrorists - in the  UK  
JagoKashmirJago hamare  Kashmir ko ese brbad mat hone do..
The Indigenous people of Biafra  IPOB appeal to the  Israel for urgent intervention in Nigerian situation, restates ca… 
Kashmir is the jugular vein of  Pakistan 
no attack by sausages with that body guard standing by
MochiGateJalsa Join us on  5thFebruary at  Lahore  MochiGateJalsa to show the solidarity with  Kashmir &amp; to share…  
We believe the American leadership has realized the double standard policy of Pakistani ISI which is providing safe haven…
Deadly lorry attack on Swedish depa ment store committed by  RadicalIslamists  
I'd have thought a Member of Parliament would be cognizant of Canada's constitution, which guarantees citizens' right… 
I for real had a hea  attack and almost sta ed crying cause I thought gray finally dm me back but he didn’t... it…  
The destruction of a bare-breasted statue in Italy, by a pack of rabid, angry Muslim men  should disturb the whole…   
Tag if you know🔥  pakistaniweddings  bridal  bride  couture  pakistani  wedding  pakistan  desi  jewelry  dress…  
.  , the contemporary, mid-scale lifestyle brand, is expanding its reach to  SaudiArabia with Rove King A…   
India has a ‘plan to attack’ CPEC installations, claims Pakistan’s Interior Ministry   
Don’t be surprised if the ER doesn’t give you narcotics either. With the mess in Pue o Ri…  
Anyone who cynically smears the left of sexism, racism or anti semitism in order to damage Corbyn &amp; our movement is the lo… 
creepingsharia   US Designates 2 Egyptian Groups as Terrorists, But Not The Muslim Brotherhood   htt… 
After   decided to pull his little stunt today with his sharing of anti Islamic material he pulls the old…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
.  , the contemporary, mid-scale lifestyle brand, is expanding its reach to  SaudiArabia with Rove King Abdullah Eco… 
16Bars🗣🎙🔥You can’t deny fire🔥‼️FWM  unsigneda ist  rapper   independenta ist  barz  Nj  Jersey  Detroit  NY…  
He’s not of course. You are just believing what you read rather than doing your own inv…  
Woke up 2 hours ago having an anxiety attack. Now that it’s done, I can’t fall back to sleep and I’m hungry for wings 😕 
Rajputs defeated invading Arab armies in 738, saving India from attack for centuries. In 1340 within two decades after… 
They will collect from both sides, as usual.   
‘There has been widespread speculation… it was a sex  Attack in Dundee’  
i learnt that attacking with encores has that 2 tick attack in training area. gotta say, the training area…   
On point  
Europe orders British press NOT to reveal when terrorists are Muslims    via  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Are you prepared for the next targeted attack?   on  CyberSecurity  CIO  
OPINION:   Parents must, through their own example and repeated corrective guidance of their wards when young, instill i… 
FreeTruth ® is out!    mosul  whocares
Divide &amp; conquer is the root of British colonial empire strategy;Racism a social branch of it.   
that ira scum would say that as he knows jc will give away n Ireland at the first chance...  
Ur islam is only religion of thi…  
Kashmir is the jugular vein of  Pakistan 
We are sleep walking in to an Islamic state so you're right I suppose, nothing is more fascist…   
er: Good morning world...the National hospital in Maa  Alnuman was attacked by 3 airstrikes yesterday till it went out of…
Iraq's armed forces have conducted raids across Baghdad today as pa  of a large-scale security operation to confiscate…
Stribog (Void): Repel Enemy Attack - 51m - 10100cr - 20x Void Traces (Resource)
And you don’t attack our nation’s institutions while hiding behind the flag just to cover up crimes.
Everything you wanted to know about them pesky Jews, but were too afraid to ask! Worry no more. Pretty face Islamic cleric… 
Crime Score Card Of PissFool MisGuided Youth in Last 7Days!
Buhari  Dictatorship ordered the arrest of Zoo    Yoruba DPO For  GBOKO South for allowing the Killings of 7  Ful…
Looks like the Spetznaz caught up with the terrorists who downed the Russian fighter jet already............  
Europe orders British press NOT to reveal when terrorists are Muslims   
15 terrorists 'neutralized' across Turkey in last week  
Mentions Mexicans(because we don’t want illegal alien…  
Britain First: Attack of the hams.  
If Tom Brady can throw a football he can throw a grenade at ISIS, stop playing games and be a hero 
16Bars🗣🎙🔥You can’t deny fire🔥‼️FWM  unsigneda ist  rapper   independenta ist  barz  Nj  Jersey  Detroit  NY…  
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
Let me remind Remoaners of some basic terms, which havw been washed off their brains by yea…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
The destruction of a bare-breasted statue in Italy, by a pack of rabid, angry Muslim men  should disturb the whole of the ci… 
comes into the bowling attack from the Boshof End.  
Yet another proof that...  
I almost had a hea  attack. Thank God that it wasn't a big surgery..
Mother arrested after Tuesday's 'Smack'nSave' brawl in France planned 'violent' attack ahead of first term as far-right pa y enters German
15 terrorists 'neutralized' across  Turkey in last week
US military convoy passes through Iraq's KRG-controlled Fishabur border crossing into  Syria's Qamishlo held by  PYD/ …
, has been condemned by ALP and Sydney Morning Herald, for violence carried out by Muslims.… 
Gaza's children grow up learning early what it means to live in the besieged Gaza strip without rights. They have a mess…
..  Increase your  remembrance of  DEATH, for it effaces  wrong actions and turns one away from  worldly desires.  ..…   
Can Blockchain Defeat Global Pove y And Terrorism? - Best of TNABC Miami 2018
This Woman Killed 100 ISIS Militants Now Has An Unimaginable Bounty Amount On Her Head  
When you feel lonely and sad that no one understands you, remind yourself that the One who created your hea  understands… 
16Bars🗣🎙🔥You can’t deny fire🔥‼️FWM  unsigneda ist  rapper   independenta ist  barz  Nj  Jersey  Detroit  NY…  
So Much Horrors In  Biafran Land! On August 6,2017 Islamic Jihadists  Embarked On Killing Sprees In Anambra State P…   
Indian army is secular army. True. But it has to know that its enemy is not secular. Enemy comes for Kafir heads. Let this b…
An  Iranian woman climbs on to a wall in downtown  Tehran, takes off her forced  hijab and waves it to a crowd, risking arr… 
Muslim  Terror Training in Rural America  
Fukk guys  
BREAKING - Operation Olive Branch: Turkish, Free Syrian Army forces capture Sourkeh village from PYD/PKK terrorists in… 
Indeed whatever Allah puts upon us is for our own good. Allah causes bad things to happen to good people, in order that… 
U.S. sta s  Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over IS  Pentagon  UnitedStates    
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Rabbi &amp; fmr Member of Knesset   Meet my new friend Hussein: Why would I be friends with someone who grew up i…
comes into the bowling attack from the Boshof End.  
I hate people who make everything a competition. I'll say I'm tired and someone will attack me and say   i havent slept in 3 y… 
Repo : One out of every 4 terrorist attacks in the past ten years were carried out by Wahabi-inspired terrorists.  Un…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
TOKYO: A Japanese army Apache attack helicopter crashed in western Japan on Monday sparking a fire in a residential…  
The Avengers: Infinity  War  TV Spot Unites A Universe  
In the hea  of Malaysia's Islamic state is an amazing reclining Buddha.   selfieiscasio  gshock…  
I'm done teaching people the reality of ISLAM. If you're that unintelligent and naive you deser…  
Tulsi Gabbard is so progressive she has 🇷🇺 Kremlin trolls writing op-eds suppo ing her pro-Assad Syria policy. h…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
ISIS has been defeated by the Syrian army, Iran, Russia and Hezbollah, 
Isn't being said that this is the only way an event can be initiated. However it is natural to expect…  
i dont want to have the test with my teacher oh my god ill hve a fucking anciety attack
…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Some people attend Masjid only 2 times:
Make your Logo... Please click the link below...
This Facebook page was inciting terrorism, plain and simple—and its authors ought be prosecuted for exactly that   
The People’s Republic of China and UNDP Pakistan sign USD 4 million agreement to suppo  crisis-affected areas of the Fe…
Thank you! - you are right - some strange things were repo ed...
Pray 4PEACE Feb 8th
It is interesting how so many blind bhakts think they know a whole about Islam without even having read the Holy Quran.…
Avengers: Infinity  War: New trailer released during  SuperBowl 52  
Even as  Turkey threatens  US troops in  Syria
Machete_wielding  man repo edly  shot by  guards near  president's  office in  Tehran —   World News  
Christianity, Islam, Judaism, and…   

Anadolu Agency: Turkish, Free Syrian Army forces capture Sourkeh village from PYD/PKK terrorists in Afrin, Syria 
The latest The Pakistan Daily!   Thanks to    pakistan
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Yesterday I was talking to a prosecutor at the International Criminal Cou  who raised this very problem: social platfor…
Europe: Making Islam Great Again  
They are called US sponsored terrorist armed with US MANPADS  AlQaeda  DeepState  MIC  warsforever
love on attack  LTR nominnnnnnnn
Vote attack in 15 MINUTES! Be ready, camilizers! 
Thanks for the positive messages Idk why I just got so sad, pretty sure I moved on, but memories just attack sometimes I guess 
Well, the intention itself was to build it over a Kuffar place of worship. That's why it'… 
imagine not loving kim namjoon with all your hea  in the year 2018 i can’t relate 😔✊🏼 — life is dull for joon antis thats…
Man shot and arrested in  Iran after trying to break into president's office - deputy governor of Tehran on Fars news
urnerAU  …
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
@…
Terrorists present UK with   far more complex and dangerous   threat in 2018 
Moments ago...  antifa around the material that nazis left proudly behind..  antirepo   Athens  Greece
..rather you decided to attack Trump. FYI Prof, we are 'wiser' now, we know who colluded with…   
Shadow Boxing With the Islamic State in Central Asia | Foreign Policy  
Must read, great a icle by    RegimeChange Is Coming In  Iran.  IranProtests  IranUprising  قیام_بهمن…   
ISS is above  Pakistan  
We live in society where progressive middle class white londoners prio…  
Black  Girl  Fight -  Ghetto  Fight  Hood Fight   via  
First rehersal of Dark Mavis for the Attack Of The Grey Lantern tour.  .  
We have yet another set of Army Worms preparing to attack Men's wallets &amp; Bank accounts on the 14th of Feb. Advise…  
They have turned their eyes blind t…  
When criticising (rightly so) misogyny, take care not to stray into misandry, it undermines points which NEED to be…   
And, like one of us or, some of us died or, came under attack &amp; were fucked &amp; chucked from my house or, removed from it &amp; locked up again. 
PAKISTAN is pa  of India...
Free Lesson: Is the Night Prayer only performed in Ramadhaan? - Shaykh Fawzaan    Islam  
ISIS militants torched oil wells as they fled Iraq, leaving behind a toxic and deadly legacy   
SUV attack in Melbourne an 'act of evil', but not terrorism: Australian authorities, Australia/NZ News &amp; Top Sto...   
A group of  security researchers discovered a new method dubbed Distributed Guessing Attack to  hack VISA credit ca…  
This will be a long, bloody incursion which Turkey can't win and which may lead to millions of more refugees. 
Insane video.
TEHRAN: Police shot the man after he managed to get to the second security gate - repo s   
dreaming of a better time, hoping to live long enough   
Food for thought , the conservatives , the liberal democrats or even UKIP do not send their thugs dressed in balaclavas to… 
i cant put rosetta and nio together bc rosetta needs to be hit while nio's coma make them unable to attack so
U.S. sta s Iraq drawdown after defeat of Islamic State group    
Israel is ready for an all-out ground operation in Lebanon in the event of a military conflict with Beirut, Defense…   
BREAKING: Man shot and arrested in  Iran after trying to break into president's office: Fars  
In my country  Iran for 39years it's been unjust law against  women.2day many women despite bloo…
U.S. Sta s Iraq Draw-Down After Defeat of Islamic State Terror Group    
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan via the   App   
Like you, I am sick of this misuse of the Palestinian cause in a crude attempt to fu her destabi… 
Antifa Terrorists burned🔥
In IRAN: Saddam’s daughter, 59 others on most wanted list for having links with Islamic State in Iraq and Levant (I…   
You see why many people worldwide question that statement that 'Islam is a religion of peace'? Because of animals…
Wonder what on ea h  UNHumanRight could do,  if they can't notice 7 decades of atrocities and State Terrorism on innocent… 
Most Wanted Terrorists -   list.
“In private, senior Israeli officers call him “our Sissi,” and in public, no other Egyptian president has ever been so open… 
Good idea, ignore the headlines and listen to the defence   
Atena Daemi , a rebel not afraid of saying the truth 
🚨 VOTE ATTACK // DAY 1
It is written on the wall in Rasht city- Iran:
Probe into attack on army cadet at Katehaki metro station    
News: Cemetery of saints.    Pakistan  news  morningmail  morning.pk  
2015  Paris  Attack suspect Salah Abdeslam stands trial in Brussels    
ISLAM is terrorism. When we people accept this?
Paris trial sheds light on terrorists' effo s to hide after attacks  
Sapphire: Greek-Aussie fascist flogs, some that you may know from  sokkahtwitter, attack journo based in Athens just for doing his j… 
Elderly  Iranian grandma ties her scarf to her cane &amp; waves it in suppo  of fighting forced hijab.  respect  Iran ز…
Is caste religion ke fight mein Hamesha mostly Hindu maara jaata hai... Dear Hindu Guys &amp; Girls, why fall in love with Musli… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
PAKISTAN is pa  of India...
Genocide of Christian Biafrans by Islamic Nigeria Jihadist Army with  impunity..  We seek d suppo  of d good people of d w…
comes into the attack with   on 75/1 after 18 overs.  AlwaysRising  ProteasWomen  SAvIND
Mind blowing ecosystem of rogue Liberals. Hats off to   for a spirited attempt to take focus off the criminal act o…
But you have to remember Shia's arnt muslim according to Sunnis
Speaking to the  , exiled  Iran royal sees chance to end the Islamic Republic   
Iran: 29 Protesters Sent to Cou  For Removing Hijabs  WomensRights
Here’s one of the loveliest aniconic medieval Islamic chess sets.  
...because their supply of morphine, etc. is so depleted. She said they’re trying to save…   
I quote tweet. It's what I do.
Islam causes Millions of victims through internecine Strife because of Disagreements over points of their Doctrine.…  
Machete-wielding man repo edly shot by guards near president's office in Tehran  
5th February is not an holiday to take rest, but its a day to show your love, affection &amp; affiliations with our…   
I hope the EU demands compensation from  israel for this...  
Unbelievable! Is this upside down world where Terrorism and advocating for genocide is good!?  
Vice Chief of Army Staff Lt. General Sarath Chand says  IndianArmy is retaliating in befitting manner to unprovoked firin…
It’s on my sex playlist along with most of Massive Attack’s Blue Lines and “With One Look” from Sunset Boulevard  
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
As ISIS,Alqaeda,Radical IslamicTerrorism &amp;others,Antifa must be treated as a radical violent gro… 
remember when 2seok almost kissed and gave the whole fandom a hea  attack, my 2seok hea  melted 😍 
Hmm... Sounds suspicious, considering that train wreck that could've taken out many conservatives in Congress! THIS…   
Are you surprised of the deadly warning of global attack by Miyati Allah if   is elected out as?have you sudden…
The problem is the people carrying out the attacks are not Muslim to th…  
All of a sudden   ? 🤔 There is no   all of a sudden   about it, my post…   
:  SSH Possible SSH attack from 89.215.238.50  
BreakingNews: Europe: Making Islam Great Again: Authored by Judith Bergman via The…  
Modi Apologizer   Shocked that Hindutva Terrorists now fomenting trouble beyond just Ki…  
girlse attack girle to fuck sexy flat chested porn  
Women around the world in every country stand up against fake refugees. Hold governments accountable now!  
First they come for our statues, paintings, university halls &amp; women’s jobs and attack past battles including a Churchill… 
PAKISTAN is pa  of India...
Reza Pahlavi, the exiled son of Iran's last shah before the 1979 Islamic Revolution, has said the latest unrest is a chanc… 
.  The Special Rappo eurs need to take this matter as an urgent issue, collectively and individuall…   
He would not be able to do this alone. He is enabled, encouraged, and protected by the entire Repub… 
Syria is Obama’s war, now Trump’s, waged for regime change, wanting pro-Western puppet governance replacing the na…   
Royal 2 - Your Hit Music Station nowplaying Hea  Attack by Demi Lovato
-- only about 10 inches higher. Though most impo antly, as the two saw, these creatures seem to atta…   
Why  Turkey is tolerating Assad so much. @ _Erdogan said that Assad is terrorist,  which I do agree, a terrorist m…   
Tehran Feb 5
If by palgiarism you mean it reflects similar values as that of Judaism and Christiani…  
Someone is asking why didn't Miguna Miguna get an asthmatic attack when he was commissioning Raila's oath, or when he had ve… 
Nothing oppo unist or random, that's gang shit. See how the driver gets stuck in too. Probably before or afte…   
Machete-wielding man repo edly shot by guards near president's office in Tehran —   World News  
They are basically Nazis with an Islamic twist. Even big fans of Mein Kampf.
Syria's refugees face an unce ain future. Hundreds of thousands risk being pushed back this year, shows our new r…   
WATCH:  Syrian|s suffer breathing difficulties after  Assad regime strikes    
Let me tell you my forefathers reve ed because they saw peace, harmony ,justice, equality , b…   
So. The disgusting  White Helmets funded by the US and others are now crying chemical attacks in Syria again. When will…
Another brutal massacre was committed after 3 airstrikes targeted  Kafranbil  Idlib countryside  Syria
Kenya Banker's   CEO Chat   reveals need for consumer education on Islamic Banking   
On February 5, a bus carrying service members of the Egyptian security forces was targeted with an IED south of the…   
oonLoon i was just about to lodge a complaint i bought my wamen wife some Doritos but because of the crunch she…
NEW REPO : Hundreds of thousands of Syrians risk being pushed to return to  Syria in 2018 despite ongoing violence…  
there are no terrorist groups fighting with al-Qaida since they are the te…  
All those pains that we call as 'period pains' are there because maybe He wants us, women to be prepared… 
QuranCube SQ119 Full Quran. Speaker and Nasheeds LED Multicolored Touch Lamp {   QuranCube  Qura…
Thank You  Iran...
“A call to all trans activists to publicly disavow Andi Dier over her verbal attack of Rose McGowan”  …
We were in  Kabul  Afghanistan. What it means to live under the terror of  Taliban and  ISIS with    srf…
Modi’s Strategic Embrace of  Netanyahu Doesn’t Augur Well for the Muslim Middle East  India  Israel -  
Wtf. Machete-wielding man repo edly shot by guards near president's office in Tehran    
The Italian Mob Is Peddling Pills to ISIS -    
Uma Thurman Opens Up About The Harvey Weinstein Attack And The Twisted Tarantino Connection  
Teresa Teng (January 29, 1953 –May 8, 1995) Taiwanese singer. She was known for her folk songs and extreme voice cr…   
from the police and army extraction to oversee the whole operations and provide safe route of escape for the assailants…
I &amp; my wife got married in 1955, it was child marriage 63 yrs back. In depth of love, it is jo…   
And imagine your surprise when you discovered that the political pa y which brokered that agreement wh…  
Newborn babies bombed, killed &amp; terrorised as criminal  Russia warplanes repeatedly bombed and destroyed their hosp…   
tony having an anxiety attack makes me so fucking sad
A man with a machete has repo edly been shot by guards near the president's office in  Tehran  Iran  
Again, herdsmen attack Ogun communities, sack 30 schools - Vanguard News   
Tulsi Gabbard is so progressive she had an hour-long meeting with a Syrian cleric who called for suicide bombers to attack Ame…
Syria infants in Ma'aret al-Noaman Hospital after Russian airstrike  Idlib
Liberals Attack Melania Trump for Asking People to Exercise and Eat Healthy — Yes, Really   
Is  Modi government's soft stand responsible for  Pakistan's increasing aggression?
I hope the domestic terrorists get right with God. For their judgment, much like ours, still awaits. 
Please    interiordesign  homedecor  decoration 3D Printed Replica of Syrian Arch Destroyed by ISIS...  
Trump Nominee for United Nations Migration Program Mocked Islam and  ClimateChange, Repo  Reveals…   
TDS Trump Derangement Syndrome manifested mostly by liberal hypocrites…  
UK parliament hit by a cyber attack | City A.M.  
Newborn babies bombed, killed &amp; terrorised as criminal  Russia warplanes repeatedly bombed and destroyed their hospita… 
FifthFebADayOfKashmir
Ah I see you put Dummett at CB. Good call. Would like to see 4-3-3 and attack at home for once
Four-hour response time to  hea  attack in rural  WA renews call for more staff  
We Planned To Attack Ondo - Arrested Boko Haram Suspect   via    
Beetle
Let the sacred   Refugee Agency help. They have undermined &amp; contributed to serious blood libel ag…
No Custms Union !!!  Theresa May &amp; Phillip need the freedom to sell Killer &amp; Attack weapons to Repre…  
I can't believe we're actually going back to Clover's attack 10 years ago! Happy 10 years  Cloverfield!!!!
The US should be fighting alongside the so called rebels who have done the fighting for them against  ISIS and…  
ipl   RSAWvsINDW Punam Raut and Mandhana are at the crease. Punam Raut is on strike. Ismail will open the attack
India has a ‘plan to attack’ CPEC installations, claims Pakistan’s Interior Ministry -  CPEC  India  Pakistan…   
Alien attack is worse!
Trump’s pick to head the U.N.’s International Organization for Migration has said Islam in an inherently violent religion and…
J&amp;K: Army officer, two jawans ma yred as  Pakistan forces reso ed to heavy mo ar shelling along LoC in Poonch and Rajo… 
i’m about to have a hea  attack
Sweden: “Center-right” pa ies propose enrolling Muslim migrants in volunteer defense
Sir please give me a chance I want to serve my country i will blast Pakistan terrorists
❣️In childhood
JammuAndKashmir: Captain Kapil Kundu, Rifleman Ramavatar, Subham Singh &amp; Havaldar Roshan Lal lost their lives in ceasefi… 
Who needs Mental Health First Aid training?
It's enough of a lie for a man to relate everything he hears.   
So Much Horrors In  Biafran Land! On August 6,2017 Islamic Jihadists  Embarked On Killing Sprees In Anambra State Precisely A… 
Pete ownsend7:  london: Women deficient in religion  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
Today in Iran the Islamic dictatorship has made jails full of innocent human rights activists. Regarding the economic crisi…
Turkey literally works with ISIS and al Qaeda, and YPG is neither Marxist nor a terror organization. Try again.   
In  Efrîn City The  Kurds Are Mobilising Themselves To Register In The Resistance Movement &amp; Defend  Afrin Canton Again…
The Solution to Terrorism is Education, Not Bombs. 
New post (Hazrat Huzaifa R.A Ka Qissa | Isamic Waqiat | Islamic Videos In Urdu |) has been published on Urdu Islami…  
UK News for air travellers. US is now supplying jihadi terrorists with anti-ai…  
Islam sees a woman as HALF a man, man can marry up to 4 wives, Denies rights of  LGBTQ &amp; is pro-life 
Looking forward to it so much 🙌 the diet talk in my office is so bad I sta ed having a panic attack la…  
The US state depa ment in denial that provided the  Syrian  terrorists wth MANPADS.
er: Please help us find the dog responsible for this second dog attack on sheep at Cissbury Ring  
Public service like trying to ove hrow an election with false evidence?
They polled German muslim refugees. Guess what? 47% of German Muslims believe Sharia is more impo ant than German…  
NEW REPO : Hundreds of thousands of Syrians risk being pushed to return to  Syria in 2018 despite ongoing violence, wa… 
Fraud &amp; irregularities put  Pakistan healthcare system in crisis. Around 37 medical institutions don't meet the bas…  
Yesterday we go the jets up and flew the practice for game day. It may be cold, but our maintenance team and aircrew are m… 
Three charged with murder after death of man in bar attack  
right wing nationalists or not is not impo ant in this context, its just a cudgel us…   
PAKISTAN is pa  of India...
The latest Mall Road Raiders!   Thanks to   s  pakistan  news
Israel added Uranium to orange juice    gaza  palestine
With ISIS in Iraq defeated, the US military is beginning to draw down from Baghdad 
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan  squateveryday 
Lifestyle Changes for Hea  Attack Prevention - Dr Alla Gopala Krishna Gokhale
[Remember]
The EU might not be able to stop Africans  ,Asians etc from entering Europe illegally but they can stop encouraging them by… 
The  Finnish experience is the most outstanding model in the world for training and preparing  primaryschool…   
It is, but it makes Christianity look lile a soft patriarchy. Islam is dangerous. 
The only knock I have on this... when black people peacefully try to protest they got swat, rubber bullets, pepper spray, a… 
Must read, great a icle by    RegimeChange Is Coming In  Iran.  IranProtests  IranUprising  قیام_بهمن http… 
Some people are more busy with election probably didn't get time to tweet on  this attack.
This Woman Killed 100 ISIS Militants Now Has An Unimaginable Bounty Amount On Her Head   ♥♥♥
Anti-Muslim hatred is a product of the negativity bias. The people who don't have anything against any religion don…  
Eevee :133:  IV100 CP830 L30 ♂ [Quick Attack/Swift]
Breaking news
After repeated vicious  Russia_Assad air strikes on civilians &amp; hospitals using napalm, bunker busters &amp; other lethal… 
India has a ‘plan to attack’ CPEC installations, claims Pakistan’s Interior Ministry    Kashmir 
typical secular reply.... temples were destroyed hundred of years before by Muslims, bami…   
Still beyond belief this morning that  Putin and  Assad committed the most heinous of warcrimes last night because they know…
Meanwhile.. and on the same planet, Assad has launched another chemical attack on Syrians.  SuperBowl52   
Please    interiordesign  homedecor  decoration 3D Printed Replica of Syrian Arch Destroyed by ISIS...  
This is the reason why there are very few ancient temples remaining where Islamic rule was stable (Up, Bihar, Bengal,… 
...Don't worry they are also Traitorously as like Khilaji.
PA18 is +95% white. Unlike Jones' race, black voters can't save  . That's why Ossoff's race is more parallel to Lam… 
Israelis target ISIS fighters in Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact.. Israel.. Egypt  
Fraud &amp; irregularities put  Pakistan healthcare system in crisis. Around 37 medical institutions don't meet the...  
The Islamic   State   is splitted in six Pockets arround  Syria: 
(Don’t Miss!)- Breaking:  “U.S.-Backed Terrorists Shoot Down Russian Plane in Syria - Russia Retaliates” By Spiro via  Ne…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Hello, I am an archaeologist and I am not baffled 
Eco  Slim  In  Pakistan  Official  ®  Shop  Pakistan  My  Shop 101
Another Cyprus in the making...  
One of the biggest dangers of the Internet is the recruitment by terrorist groups like ISIS. The Internet has no boundaries so…
Those few people who claim that the suffragettes were terrorists are misguided and sensationalist according to...  
_fc: 5: Jason Gilchrist and Adam Dawson embrark on a quick counter-attack for  Southpo FC but the home team clear (0-0)  KIDv…
[Remember]
Respect to these Fandoms!  LoveScenarioPAK  
Salah Abdeslam, 28, and only surviving Isis operative behind Nov 13th 2015 attacks on Paris in which 130 died, has arr… 
Naqib Khan came to India in 1556 with his family from  Qazvin,  Iran 
Islam has established the system of zakat in order to provide assistance to the people who depend upon others for s…  
I hope the EU demands compensation from  israel for this...  
Obviously, you have no desire to live in an Arab country so why would want an Arab Fakestinian state…   
PAKISTAN is pa  of India...
This is exactly why the   campaign is so impo ant.
Note: the word   jihad   refers to militant Islam, but we know absolutely nothing about the religion, or…   
@ _com: MORE: Crash occurred in the city of  Kanzaki, chopper was a Boeing AH-64 attack helicopter - repo s   ht… 
| American troops have sta ed to draw down from...  Iraq  Baghdad    
Our first sho  repo  from  Kabul  Afghanistan. On a sad day like today...  SafeTheChildren  Attack With  …
so he will get a huge payout and set free ,because he was offended... pfft   
all life is sacred  
Good luck to our European friends  
I am Muslim, but: 
German Women Show Solidarity With  Iranian Women protesters Agaisnt Mandatory Veil  FreeIran  
Iran:Clashes erupted overnight in Tehran between dervishes and security forces
Just had a bit of a liking frenzy on your wall but this one ☝️ made my Monday. In the aftermath of the na…  
Imagine considering yourself deeply concerned with the plight of women under patriarchy but instead of devoting yourself t…
That's what  Russia  did and doing every day , killing any soul above  Syria  land. 
Don't Be Depressed! -   -  LifeInIslam  ramadan  islam  
Syrian Army breaks through  ISIL's lines to liberate 3 towns in no heast  Hama    Idlib  Syria
Japanese attack helicopter crashes in country's southwest, setting homes ablaze 
With ISIS in Iraq defeated, the US military is beginning to draw down from Baghdad 
UK TERRORIZED: Multiple Casualties In London Bridge Van Attack, Stabbings and Gunfire â€“ ZeroPointNow   
Rick Leventhal, terrorism repo er par excellence, has been at the Super Bowl repo ing for three days. Don’t wear white Mel… 
With guns you can Kill Terrorists. With Education you can kill Terrorism.  KABIR  APRIL2018  
NETCU - the National Extremism Tactical Coordination Unit - used info from  spycops to help corporations prevent, d…   
Everyday somewhere in  Kashmir a young ma yr raises on four shoulders wrapped with  Pakistan Flag and left behind a flame…
SaudiArabia says it's forces intercepted a ballistic missile fired from  Yemen by  Houthis
Haha omg. You both made me have a hea  attack yesterday. I'm pleased for both of you ❤️
US Government = Terrorists
Beautiful  Syria girl sings “Hallelujah” (Ya Ilahi) and wins over judges in France’s The Voice:   v.  …
_mumbaikar  …
Iran:Burning of the Shadgan Municipality Office
Prez George Weah To Face Serious Challenges - Islamic Cleric Predicts  ....  
Before you attack, before you defend, try to understand where the other person is coming from.  You might not under…   
Thousands of demonstrators from across N.  Syria go to  Afrin    Erdogan  Turkey  NATO  FSA  Trump
Kurdish Peshmerga force (from Iran occupied Kurdistan)  once again repeated their readiness to go defend Afrin against Tu…
I have a mini hea  attack whenever I’m woken up out of my sleep like this
ISIS Claims St. Petersburg Supermarket Bombing: On December 29, 2017, the Islamic State (ISIS) released a statement…   
The hanafi, maliki, Shafi &amp; hanbali systems of Islamic law are four different understandings of the Quran &amp; sunnah 
Kenyan family says they will offer ransom to  AlShabaab to release their abducted son   Isaac Mbalewa   who was a  KDF soldier… 
PAKISTAN is pa  of India...
DIRECTIONER ATTACK
Belal Bayyush,  Kafranbel photojournalist: 
Not strict with my team mates on purpose: Sarfraz Ahmed -    Pakistan  
Americans always under estimate themselves. They think it takes terrorists an invaders to destroy their cities. Nope, ju… 
We are trying to identify the person and find out his motivation - Deputy Governor of  Tehran…  
Black people get angry about being shot dead by police: “Thugs! Domestic terrorists! Bring back hanging!”
Funny thing about TERFs, their tactics are practically identical to that of neo-nazis. Get in people's faces, attac…   
That's exactly what Creasy and Kober are doing, and what's worse they are giving ammunition…   
ISIS has lost 98 percent of its territory -- mostly since Trump took office   YAAA Trump. 🇺🇸Obama didn't have time…   
Quick 2 second scroll of r/Judaism and r/Islam shows a disparate world of content vis-a-vis attitudes on rulings, i…   
A kerfuffle at a meeting and the right is itching to roll out ma ial law.  
Eizenkot clarifies Israelis captive by  Hamas must come before  Gaza rehabilitation  IsraelNews  
Afrin update: another ATGM attack on Turkish backed militants by    
Idlib  Syria... How much more of this real life nightmare must the Syrian people have to go through..  
hello   how is the Tory   momentum   coming up?   are the highest ph…   
ba z's mastered Knight HP attack is so broken, yet it is so satisfying to block a death blow and instead take out the person attacking you 
4756 Signatories now,  and taking legal advice on an action to defend our UK EU Citizens Rights from… 
…  
The Islamic society is using today’s so called feminists against c isism of Islam and against…   fGlZBPw
Nothing like having an anxiety attack over thinking you’re dying and then literally wondering if you are because of…  
Peace in South Asia will remain elusive until the Indian occupation of Kashmir and Indian state terrorism in Punjab, No he… 
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
with German/NATO EU  weapon kurdish children get murdered    
Ramadan - a Gift for Muslims -   -  ramadan  islam  

Is it weird that when I felt my chest hu ing at one point my first thought was   If I die of a hea  attack there better be E… 
Don't Be Depressed! -   -  LifeInIslam  ramadan  islam  
don’t attack me.
Let's renew our pledge that We Pakistani will never abandon our unflinching suppo  for  Kashmir. India could not depri…
Oh and just to reiterate. Any victim, (except terrorists, be they Lo…   
Gov't to Arrange Reconciliation Meeting Between Former Terrorists and Attack Survivors   via   aglobe
They used a bunch of machines to attack. They blew up and destroyed everything. The coward could not…   
Of course  SerenaShim lett and me, too, were tracking  ISIS and their backers in the West a…   
Another attack near Dalori IDP camp  
We have all been there Facts matter!something the left wilf…  
Someone should tell Pablito about the attack in Madina.
China has now completed the militarization of WPS! China can easily launch nuclear missiles to attack the Philippin…  
So... what will it be?
Yes. Attack each other more for differences in opinion. Reaaaaaaaaaaal mature.
2015 Paris attack suspect Salah Abdeslam stands trial in Brussels   przez  
Dublin does not bow to terrorists. Syrian religious and medical leaders in Dublin. Dublin 1916-2018: Unbowed, 🇮🇪🇸🇾Unbroken,… 
More Islamic State jihadis now in UK than Britons in Syria fighting the Islamic State  
Join the club. Im an activist that has nothing to do with Turkey. Just because I fight for the YPG and promote their caus…
Remember these selective headlines from the global propaganda seeding network  PolarizeNow, w…   
Now to save the ship from sinking , the cong ca el is using all its reserves to create chaos &amp; divide people. They are at… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
…  
Good Samaritan with a gun comes to the aid of Utah police officer under attack    2ndAmendment  TexasStarArsenal
Just tab the Button and Ride the Car
Islamic Banking is not exclusive to muslims and it's in fact open to all CEOChat by…  
Isis Love and Doc Fuck  
Nailed it.  
We are trying to identify the person and find out his motivation - Deputy Governor of  Tehran    Iran…
Nigerian wounded in racist attack: I've lost peace of mind  
'Suffragettes were terrorists who planted bombs'  
BREAKING : Boko Haram militants attack Kofa village opposite Dalori camp 2, kill one person and set houses ablaze.   
EAM  SushmaSwaraj to embark on a three day visit to  SaudiArabia from February 6 to 8.
More Manpads should be used against the Russian terrorists.
FIVE awesome  Purim pa ies to get all dressed up for |  
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan 

Tubebuddy helped me with 300 subscriptions in a month
Chemical attack on  Saraqeb  Idlib with chlorine gas. According to   9 injured including 3 White Helmet volunteer…
Russia's Lavrov says hopes situation with east  Aleppo to be resolved in next 2-3 days
Islamic Ministry’s Coordinator Hisham resigns  
Israeli  Trauma expe s teach resilience in  Houston |  
Belal Bayyush,  Kafranbel photojournalist: 
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 188.117.148.178  
Christians hold their first prayer service in years in the ravaged church of St. Mary in  Syria's Deir Ezzor, the city ha… 
Nearly 2 months after declaring victory against ISIS,  Iraq launches another military push    
Tamil is root of all languages
Children have paid the highest price for wars that they have absolutely no responsibility for:  59 children repo edly kill…
My latest - Syrian refugees at risk of being forced back home despite ongoing violence, repo  warns   
Raise your Voice for Urdu Speaking Muhajir Rights in UrbanSindh of PAKISTAN  …  
Brussels airpo  attack survivors bravely return to the scene of the terror exactly one year after ISIS fanatics...  
Biss, Rauner respond to 'repulsive' attack ad by Republican gubernatorial candidate   
He quoted Osborne's family in explaining attack. So I expect him next to go to same length to explain the…  
I need Taemin
Real  
Please check and   overall service provision suppo ed by   in  Syria during 2017. This would have not been pos…
Meet Canadian Minister   who was born and raised in  Iran, but claimed she was born in  Afghanistan, yet remain… 
urnerAU    …  
Israel unveils details of new underground wall along Gaza Strip    afp
Russian aerospace forces obliterate rebel hideouts amid ongoing attack (video)
Iran:A poor street vendor in Mina 'Abbas was hit and wounded by the criminal security forces
Cornered Russian pilot dramatically shouted “This is for our guys!” before killing himself with grenade to avoid ca…  
KashmirMatters   Ban on internet facilities so that the world doesn't see  Indian terrorism in IOK.  
[Batty] says DV is a resident of Nauru and Manus on the Islamic religion.
Mind your own business:
Though of course the most recently convicted terrorist, Darren Osborne, was a keen Tommy Robinson follower   
Islam is the Religion of Truth which has all the answers consistent with both logic and human nature.
KashmirSolidarityDay One day  Kashmir will be under one flag  Pakistan, who is a universally recognized symbol tha…   
Destruction, dead bodies and aggrieved residents:  Mosul after liberation (GRAPHIC)    Iraq 
I'll learn from Nozomi-chan and also give Umi-chan a tickle attack! Okay, let's go! ♪ 
:  Idlib: Video shows rebels blowing up  Assad regime ATGM base with
if my head suddenly explodes this week, please know that it is not a terrorist attack. thank you 
rolling   When your own “proof” exonerates those you attack?
iTikoo This is illogical tweet , India never make terrorism but Congress can.... 
Eevee, IV:96 CP:769 LV:28, MV:Quick Attack, Swift, FORM:unknown, til 04:23:07am (59m 17s)   
Wahhabis hate Shiya's so much. Islamic terrorism is derived from wahhabi's violent ideology. Democracy is forbidden in Isla…
Breaking: U.S. Backed Terrorists Shoot Down Russian Plane in  Syria – Russia Retaliates    Flashback: S…

Girl’s mother planned road rage drama to get  AnkitSaxena out of car and attack.
U.S. sta s Iraq drawdown after defeat of Islamic State group  
We believe in God, and in what has been revealed to Abraham, ismail  Isaac, Jacob, and tribes, and in the (books) G…   
China has now completed the militarization of WPS! China can easily launch nuclear missiles to atta…  
7. You can even say the harmless members of a group play a key role in shielding the harmful ones.
PPPStandsWithKashmir
15 terrorists 'neutralized' across  Turkey in last week    
Armed man stops  Attack on Utah police officer -    
To those people who put pride and culture before Islam, let me tell you something if you make the halal hard then the haram… 
@ _com Who used Nuclear weapns in the past USA and who organised managed chemical/gas bombs in Syria by t…  
Syrian Army breaks through  ISIL's lines to liberate 3 towns in no heast  Hama Idlib  Syria
Do you really Mean that their are any POSITIVES WIT…
Hea  Attack !!!
!! WORLD FIRST JUNGLE RAKAN BARON STEAL WITH A BASIC ATTACK !!  
I just uploaded 'The  Jihadist Threat in  Italy: A Primer' (with L. Vidino) [2017] to  !  
BREAKING: Some of  IRIAF high ranking commanders have formed a unity to protest against the Islamic regime of  Iran in a…
The pillar was a Dhwaja of Vishnu temple. Iltutmish looted it from the temple, decapitated the object at the top, and pla… 
China has now completed the militarization of WPS! China can easily launch nuclear missiles to attac…  
When you publish a repo  on white genocide but you have to balance it out with a picture of you wearing an   I ❤️ Isra… 
As a boater, having off lead dogs jump onto our home terrorising our cats…   
'Women would have got the vote earlier if not for suffragette terrorists'    
I liked a   video   World Invasion Battle: LA |2011| All Alien Attack Scenes [Edited]
lol they should come attack me
Of course  SerenaShim lett and me, too, were tracking  ISIS and their backers in the West and in… 
Syria: Kurdish Militants Destroy Turkish Army Tanks No h of Afrin  Powerful_Iran  Iran  IranianArmy
+ Had a hea  attack as well when she saw a raven haired beast in her room eating up some of the chun…  
کشمیرپاکستان_کا
Distributed Guessing Attack to hack VISA cards in just six seconds  
Then by this  logic Hafiz Saeed is also innocent and can't blame for 26/11 because he never came to Taj hotel n attack us Indi…
Turkish troops and Free Syrian Army clear Sourkeh village of PKK/YPG terrorists in the western Afrin
Trans Women are not real women   
Truth is not defined by the number of  followers;  Muslims are not the  majority in the world.     
oh  Biblical melon marjorams isis gray FLABBERGASTED need aaaaaaaaaaa  w
A tour inside ex- YPG held one of the biggest districts in  Afrin, Bulbul's town center, full of PKK leader APO and other Pkk… 
Details about killed pilot of Russian warplane downed in  Syria revealed    Idlib  Russia
Muslims are sure that Quran was revealed to Muhammad by God  ep3_M&amp;S  
In an interview with  , author Andrew Scott Cooper suggests that we are entering a new phase in  Iran. https:… 
***  Israel has sta ed issuing depo ation notices to African asylum seekers from  Eritrea and  Sudan .
China has now completed the militarization of WPS! China can easily launch nuclear missi…  
Syria's refugees face an unce ain future. Hundreds of thousands risk being pushed back this year, shows our new repo : h… 
See Jadu, Hindu rashtra isn't that incompatible with Constitution. An Islamic, Chris…   
Turkey-backed forces captured border village of Sorke(Tal Koshur) in Rajo region west of  Afrin
1. Allah is the Arabic word for God.
9. The presence of Muslims as a whole, however, will result eternally in more innocent people killed by the occasional unpre… 
Was falling asleep. Now im having a panic attack. Fuck my brain i just wanna be happy again...
BREAKING
PAKISTAN is pa  of India...
…  
For World Ente aining visit   Uma Thurman Opens Up About The Harvey Weinstein Attack And The…  
'As Tuesday marks 100 years since some British women were given the right to vote, now is the time to consider the…   
Kashmiris have been facing Indian terrorism for decades.They have been giving lives in their struggle to get independent…
PA man admits murder of pregnant Jewish girlfriend was terrorism
Aid groups warn against forced  refugee returns    Syria  Lebanon  Turkey  Jordan
100s of 1000s of  Kurdish civilians march in the Syrian city of  Afrin today to protest the invasion by  Turkey and its  Al…
Funny thing about TERFs, their tactics are practically identical to that of neo-nazis. Get in people's faces, attack th… 
er Except islam if girl is muslim and boy is kafir
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
“Regime change is the only hope for the people of Iran (and the region).”   writes via  …  
Though of course the most recently convicted terrorist, Darren Osborne, was a keen Tommy Robinson follower   
Do you remember when we first met? The way you looked I can't forget. I smiled at you, and you smiled back. It felt like a h… 
Ohio: Muslim migrant who plotted jihad terror attack in Texas asks for depo ation instead of prison. How about GUANTANAMO?…
Nagaraja Mallikarjuna (right), an emergency  physician from  Bengaluru, India, &amp; Pradeep Samanjeeva (left), an OT  nurse from… 
What happened to the LAL AANKH? Our borders are under attack and ModiGovt downplays these incidents! Why?  Dhokalam
Europe orders British press NOT to reveal when terrorists are Muslims   
Turkey’s  Afrin campaign; high risk of conflict in no hwestern  Syria;  US establishes army entitled “Syrian Border Security…
China has now completed the militarization of WPS! China can easily launch nuclear missi…  
Insane: Adam Schiff claims Oklahoma City-style attack could happen because of FISA memo release -- Video…  
My latest novel 'Les Indésirables' soon in Russia! Such a delicate, sensual yet tragic cover. Totally russian!  flammarion… 
So terrorists suppo  both.
Qamil   Golden Boy   Balla will be back in action for Westside Rumble March 11 GrandStar receptions Altona 👊🏻training…   
1) Sad to see Josh pathologize political analysis based on empirical evidence--DIA repo , Kerry's &amp; Wesley Clark's…   
It didn't disappear I forgot to reply because another tweet from you came in…   JJ6iFG2h
Turbat: BLA targeted a military base of Pakistani Army deployed for security of China Pakistani Economic Corridor near Hosh…
A man with a knife who has tried to infiltrate to the Presidential compound in  Iran, is shot by the Police, transferred to hospital 
Absolutely best said!  
It's your kind that make people/non-muslims think Muslims are terrorists. Go read and understand your…  
Puts the fight into perspective. The man who leads the orange country wants to make legal the marriage of 9 year girls t…
This is terrorism  
Please stop the Swedish Wolf massacre.  They don't attack Humans we Attack them for just being alive.…  
I'm going to address this on my webcast at 11 am today.  Let's put it to bed.  And if you know anyone who still thinks UKIP…
until tht 70s - saudi islam and wahhabism was an heretical sect whose dominance today was promoted by usa and...  
The 'Promise toothpaste' tweet is the latest attack by Prakash Raj under his 'justasking campaign'
Don’t you dare hu  him grrrr  
BREAKING: Machete-wielding man repo edly shot by guards near president's office in Tehran  
Paris  Attack suspect tried in Belgium over shootout    
And
Notice posted in the cafeteria at   today - they’ve stopped serving meat/egg because of “objections” from veget…
SYRIA: Chlorine gas attack repo ed by   in Saraqib, Idlib. 
This is  Syria today:
Thousands of ISIS Fighters Flee in Syria, Many to Fight Another Day   
Anti-Muslim hatred is a product of the negativity bias. The people who don't have anything against any religion don't ca…
RESPONSIBILITY OF THE MEDIA
Salah Abdeslam- Paris attacks suspect goes on trial in Belgium
Kashmir is the jugular vein of  Pakistan   
2 examples of how a 'State controlled media' works. (something British media is only too keen to accuse other Countries of)…
Berlin Christmas market terror attack suspect Anis Amri repo edly killed by police near Milan Italy - CBS News  
How to Pronounce Geezers ↺ ❤    geezer  pished  bloke  geezer  golden-ager  geezers…  
China has now completed the militarization of WPS! China can easily launch nuclear missi…  
IranLobby who always claimed that regime has suppo  among ppl, now trying to rescue the regime by a…   
Islam generally improved the status of women compared to earlier Arab cultures, prohibiting female infanticide and recognizin… 
PAKISTAN is pa  of India...
The White Bindi Movement for No Child Brides  
Watch: German MP   Islam is not and will never be pa  of Germany   - Free Speech Time   דרך   _Israel 
Kenya: Muslim students stab, beat Christian students for refusing to conve  to Islam   
Not only that but let's not forget how much he put into ISIS and the Muslim brotherhood or known terr…  
While  sexual_exploitation &amp;  abuse happen around the world, the risk escalates during  crises. As  humanitarian agencies, @… 
BREAKING – Operation Olive Branch: Turkish, Free Syrian Army forces capture Sourkeh village from PYD/PKK terrorist…   
China has now completed the militarization of WPS! China can easily launch nuclear missiles to attack th…  
SaudiArabia destroys  Houthi missile fired at south-west province 
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
Girl’s Mother Planned Road Rage Drama To Get  AnkitSaxena Out Of Car And Attack
On the first day of  ChildrensMentalHealthWeek, here's 3 ways you can help a child having a panic attack: 
This current operation in  Idlib could turn out to be one of the largest, most prolonged air campaigns of the war in  Sy… 
Why not sexy Marie,just a question   
After scoring the winner against his old club, today's  APL  GoalOfTheDay comes cou esy Muhammad Jammeh. 
*sadly resets the trading floor 'days without a fatal bear attack' counter from 715 to 0*
In  Idlib  Syria, several journalists are repo ing a chlorine gas attack. Since yesterday,  Russian air strikes have po… 
Again, herdsmen attack Ogun communities, sack 30 schools    .com 
Please  . While we are all talking about Ankit Saxena , so many Hindu girls become victim of  LoveJihad &amp; lose their life.… 
Looks like The Head from A  Attack. Maybe it’s the rictus smile 😀

Like cod wouldn't be so fucking frustrating if my in game vi ual character wasn't made of fucking neodymium  and e…  
The republic is us as individuals- always has been, so - yes it is wo h protecting. We need to ejec…   
Syrian Army breaks through  ISIL's lines to liberate 3 towns in no heast  Hama    Idlib  Syria
Replying to  
EXCELLENT! Austria wants to put  Muslim migrants in internment-style camps where there will be curfews  
Assad/ Russian Airstrikes Focus on Shopping Areas, Markets, Hospitals 
Qamil   Golden Boy   Balla will be back in action for Westside Rumble March 11 GrandStar receptions Altona 👊🏻training  g… 
Islamic Ministry’s Coordinator Hisham resigns  
PAKISTAN is pa  of India...
[INTERNATIONAL]: Paris attack suspect tried in Belgium over shootout   via    Hot919News
'What the Hell, bro?' MSNBC host implies Trump is trying to provoke a terror attack for political gain - twitchy...   
Zionism is racism.  
***  Israel has sta ed issuing depo ation notices to African asylum seekers from  Eritrea and  Sudan .
MASSIVE Russian and Syrian Airforce air campaign in Idlib province (AlQaeda stronghold), as we speak! It is Armageddon in Idl… 
Wildlife tourism is not a silver bullet to creating tolerance for wildlife - very much depends on how much wildlife is costin…
Holy fucking hea  attack.
Another attack on   in today’s    Nothing personal: they do it to all   Leaders.…
Kashmir   is bleeding, World is Sleeping! 😢 
RunHideTell If you're caught in a terrorist firearms or weapons attack you should Run. If you can't Run, Hide, then Tel… 
China has now completed the militarization of WPS! China can easily launch nuclear missiles to attack…  
The world knows Turkey = ISIS
When we all great each other … We say 'Peace be unto you'   -    
Black man beaten unconscious with baseball bat for dating a white woman how is this not front page news everywhere???  …
There is no s…  
Great.   will attack every thing, every ACHIEVEMENT MUST be lied about &amp; turned into…   
Demolition of a  Palestinian family home this morning in Al 'Isawiya, Occupied  Jerusalem by  Israel, including a chicken… 
KashmirMatters  Terrorism thy name is  India   
…  
The ousting of former prime minister Nawaz Sharif heralds a shift towards democratic checks and balances in Pakista…  
Kashmir Solidarity Day has now become an impo ant national ritual in  Pakistan  KashmirMatters  
Kashmiris’ struggle for their right to self-determination is legitimate and the UNSC-mandated.
Gangster Islam: A worrying new hybrid culture Europe fails to recognise  
Many thanks to legal expe s &amp; compatriots who pa icipated in Hearing on  1988Massacre by  Iran rgm in  Geneva;  a…  
Naqshnaama: Pressure mounts on Poland to back away from Holoca...    Israel  polishdeathcamps…  
FOR YOU...     TurkeyKillsCivilians  TwitterKurds  NotEvenAnInch  EyesOnAfri…
Iran: At least six young  HumanRights defenders arrested in coordinated raids at risk of to ure  FreeAllProtesters  …
Very well said Chris and very true indeed. If indeed Islam is so bloody wonderful let them go to Islam…  
Solidarity with   on this. Racism by patients is prevalent and bad and the health care industry has to deal with…
Once again  Syria govt forces are accused of having attacked pa s of the province of  Idlib with chlorine gas 📻  
Qur'an Contradiction: Intercession  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
MAKE ITALY GREAT AGAIN: Trump-like Prime Minister hopeful vows to kick out 100,000 illegal alien Muslim invaders ev…   
Praying for any who might have been injured.  Sadly, terrorism is everywhere.   Isn't Philadelphia known… 
PAKISTAN is pa  of India...
I think you need to kiss my arse, stop trying to attack. 
Kashmir Solidarity Day has now become an impo ant national ritual in  Pakistan  KashmirMatters  
China has now completed the militarization of WPS! China can easily launch nuclear missiles to atta…  
Islam is Peace... only if it’s the minority…  
When are you going to post about murders Muslims commit in India?
'Suffragettes were inspirational - not terrorists'  
honestly i really hate when antis bring the boys in and tweet death threats and stuff i mean like have they ever of…  
Egypt and  Israel
Feb 4. Plundered investors rally outside  Iran rgm's Central Cooperative organization of Villages &amp; demand the return of t…
Syrian Army breaks through  ISIL's lines to liberate 3 towns in no heast  Hama    Idlib  Syria
Take That postpone conce  following Manchester terror attack  
the islamic studies lecturer is rejoicing at the graphic quran verses that talk about to uring infidels in hell, s…   
Iran opposition leader urges Council of Europe to compel Tehran to release arrested - Maryam Rajavi  
If ya think ya can get  Kashmir through negotiations ya live in fool's    paradise. Ya have to have a big war with…  
JuniperCobra is underway in  Israel
BREAKING: Man armed with MACHETE in Iran shot and arrested after trying to storm Tehran Presidential office…  
Iranian Canadians in  Toronto held rally to suppo   IranUprising   and  calling for  FreeAllProtesters  براندازم…   
200,000? Where do these figures come from, the propaganda wishing well? 1. Check out the rea… 
Held a meeting with    BUSAN  fishermen cooperatives association to brief them about   Seafood  Expo s  from  Pakista…
U.S. sta s  Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over IS  
Manufacturing terrorism.
Not to Irak where a “kurdish” territory was secured by the western countries. There is nothing here be…  
Lol ok I'd like to see the photo of the CEO of Cadbury signing an arms deal with ISIS
China has now completed the militarization of WPS! China can easily launch nuclear missiles to attack the…  
2015 Paris attack suspect Salah Abdeslam stands trial in Brussels  
😼 ProblemSolver    DIY SOLVE  problem NOW  FutureChanging   R   LOA  CancerCure  Divorce…  
“put my life on the line for Islamic countries”... yeah I reckon 600,000 dead Iraqis would probably disagree Jim   
The bureaucracy of evil: how Islamic State ran a city  
urnerAU  …  
Read: Japanese man killed in  Ireland stabbing →   🔥 Please   -  Terrorism  Terrorist…   J28S5fxr
So how to tory trolls who try to equate negotiations with terrorism when it comes to peacemaker Jeremy Corbyn square this??
Again, herdsmen attack Ogun communities, sack 30 schools. 
The  Finnish experience is the most outstanding model in the world for training and preparing  primaryschool…   
Don't believe what you hear, the Taliban are ISIS, the Russians supply the ISIS even though Putin…   
Three charged with murder after death of man in bar attack  
KashmirMatters   Ban on internet facilities so that the world doesn't see  Indian terrorism in IOK.  
One more reason for my  Indian friends to visit  Israel -Tel Aviv now boasts of over 400  vegan-friendly  restaurants, of… 
Abdeslam, the only surviving suspect in the  Parisattacks goes to trial —   has you covered    
FOX NEWS: US sta s Iraq drawdown after defeat of Islamic State group    News  newYorkTimes
Pove y Alleviation: An Aim Of Islamic Economics -  
Turkish troops, Free Syrian Army forces capture  Sourkeh village from  PYD/PKK terrorists in  Afrin,  Syria…   
Feb 4 - Saqqez, W  Iran 
honestly i really hate when antis bring the boys in and tweet death threats and stuff i mean like have they ever of…  
Um... . ? You know we know this, right? And we know that YOU know it. So, when you libel the Prime Minister… 
Bee Attack: Two killed, four other injured in Muniappan Temple, Tamil Nadu   
An estimated 6,800 pregnant women are in need of reproductive health services. Yet  pove y and insecurity have worsened h… 
isangirl: A  Syria-n girl fills a water botel in  Aleppo. Much of the country is still going without tap water thanks to NATOs war.…
TURKEY is a  TERRORIST state just like  GERMANY they're firing  ChemicalWeapons at  Syria to create an…  
State terrorism may blind the peoples but can't take their  DREAMS of Libe y.  KashmirSolidarityDay
The fries will cause you to die of a hea  attack before your hair has a chance to fall out!!  SavedYouAClick
What's wrong with   ? My Team's OVR is 95 and the opponents I'm getting in VS. attack are all 99+. Plea…  
This house should pass resolution urging both  India and  Pakistan to restore peace and ceasefire should be implemented…
Humanitarian agencies warn hundreds of thousands of refugees are at risk of being pushed to return to  Syria in 2018 d…
Over nine years after Mumbai 26/11 attack, Maharashtra Police still jostling for bullet-pro...…   
China has now completed the militarization of WPS! China can easily launch nuclear mi…  
The comparison to Dubai's exhibitionism is striking!
THERE is no cure. Inhalers are life saving  
Iranian Protesters take back to the streets . They need America's suppo  and prayers for their safety !  
-- Though most impo antly, as the two saw, these creatures seem to attack by standing close their en…   
'Suffragettes were terrorists who planted bombs'  
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
This week at Gfitness Grant will be teaching a Dance Attack class. A fitness class so fun you doesn’t even feel like your working out.
And a so called leader gave that jugular vein in the hands of India to seek the personal gains  
Watch:  lucknow Woman Opens Fire On  Goons To Save  Husband Under Attack
I set up a webpage about five years ago to expose Assad's crimes in  syria it rarely gets any traffic these days check…
via   'Personal Grievance' Prompts Oregon Man To Tell Airpo s Relatives Are Terrorists   
Egypt and  Israel
2018-02-05 01:25:42: test message !@ $%^&amp;*()_+{}|:&lt;&gt;?,./;'[]\-=   
The FISA proves    is a La…  
USA always suppo ed Iraq criminals over kurds as they force kurds to leave Kirkuk for Iraq  
London They should depo  the troublemakers while they still can. Don’t worry that you were Nazis 80 year…  
So beautiful. Today in my country  Iran, thousands youths on the street saying ENOUGH is ENOUGH! 
All  Leadership  United On  KashmirIssue,  Pakistan To Continue Its Suppo :  PM 
Day made although i know she couldve folded them got kawatad by surprise attack  
lois giffin nude isis nude  
There is ongoing  jihad in Nigeria.
End of the road as Zuma faces attack on all sides   (via )
BREAKING:  BokoHaram kills one, set houses on fire in Borno village attack 
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan via the   App   
China has now completed the militarization of WPS! China can easily launch nuclear missiles to atta…  
Doctor Game: The nitric oxide key to prevent hea  attack    hea disease
i had a panic attack in your dorm room
ISIS and other  Terrorists groups have over 3000 radicals training in over 22 camps  
can we have a starwars film where we get the imperial point of view, under attack from a terrorist organisation. 
1) Sad to see Josh pathologize political analysis based on empirical evidence--DIA repo , Kerry's &amp; Wesley Clark's admiss… 
AND DEPO  IMAMS WHO SAY THE SAME THING.  
Roger Stone always said the Young Turks were paid by   to Attack he and me in Cleveland  YoungTurds https:…
The virus analogy is not wholly accurate. Traitors within the West have engineered circum…  
Taeil &amp; Jaehyo nearly had a hea  attack when kyung suddenly uses honorifics and called them hyung when jaehyo did his v…
ipl   RSAWvsINDW Shabnim Ismail [4.0-1-19-0] is back into the attack
Mashallah! And modiji is wasting political power on liberating such jihadi women  
lill armadyl attack cape
moslem Women's Long Shi s
News for ai ravellers. US is now supplying jihadi terrorists with anti-aircraft missiles.  
Military cooperation between the UAE and Israel is growing stronger
(isis love) Mature Lady Ride On Camera Huge Monster Cock mov-15  
shoutout to these assholes who block my school and had a panic attack so gigantic the school master had to restrain…  
Those who coined the term “Hindu terror” and told America that Hindu terror is a bigger danger than the Islamic terrorism…
Turks: The blue is a national security threat to the orange. Lol  
EDL Talks Woolwich  Attack In Newcastle!  Muslim Are Scared  
ed: Good Lord,  ! We know you’re a brainless, loopy Leftist, Anti-West, sewage sipping, stupidity spewing rag, but eve… 
It is an ironic statement based on the three musketeers; two weren’t then able take Tory le…  
Prime suspect in Paris terror attack that killed 130 seen for first time in…    Hisprideblog
Iran: At least six young  HumanRights defenders arrested in coordinated raids at risk of to ure  FreeAllProtesters  …
Incredibly poor a icle for the   by  , falsely stating that  HTS claims to be active among “ FSA mili… 
Picture this: abakhwetha about 100 of them. Singing igwijo (somagwaza) holding iminkqayi. To come &amp; attack the only two…
So a man at the hotel calls front desk saying he’s having a hea  attack  
Yes,  Salafi women choose to veil, Salafi men choose to grow beards, AND they oppose Jihadist extremism. O hodoxy does… 
Mother arrested after Tuesday's 'Smack'nSave' brawl in France planned 'violent' attack ahead of first term as far-righ…
Agree Fenella. I hope this coordinated attack on moderates has not sta ed in Cardiff or other Welsh Local Authorities
I'll never be the same if Conor loses this award for iHea   ConorMaynard  SocialStarAward  iHea Awards please come on guys…
Kirby Mass Attack is such a weird game. Good weird, but weird nonetheless. Forget the lemmings mechanics, the levels are SO LONG 
tonight tom brady loses and tomorrow donald trump will die from a hea  attack
After scoring the winner against his old club, today's  APL  GoalOfTheDay comes cou esy Muhammad Jammeh. 
What a beautiful love story! Hindu woman leaves her family, conve s to islam and marries muslim man who has 5 brothers and 4… 
Daily Briefing:
ownsend7: Muhammad: A ' perfect example'?  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
First footage of people being treated in a hospital after today's chlorine attack in Saraqib, Idlib   
SaudiArabia to sta  solar project soon    
Hoodlums Attack Hausa Family While Travelling From Benue To Calabar    news  gossip  viral
😼 ProblemSolver    DIY SOLVE  problem NOW  FutureChanging   R   LOA  CancerCure  Divorce…  
Cou esy of   Mr 'white shi ' is Rees-Mogg fanboy Paul Townsley. Paul has military training as an RN and practi…
BREAKING: Man shot and arrested in  Iran after trying to break into president's office: Fars  
loki This God looks pissed, he's ready to attack the ugly purple Thanos! 😭😍 
Paris attacks suspect goes on trial in Brussels: BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving suspect in the 2015 Islam…  
White Helmets, White Banners and ISIS are created and supervised by USraeli intelligence Services.  In Syria they a…   
After all followers of ISIS may have very little influence from  Wahhabism. Most if not all ISIS members…
By wearing  Kurdish uniforms in  Syria &amp; suppo ing the Death of innocents World Wide. Fight your battles within your own bor…
Observing 5th february means to convey a message to the world that,  Pakistan would not step back an Inch from its stated p… 
Had one been looking caref…  
I can not forget cause today I share their pain. In my country  Iran, we are too victims of m… 
Pakistan FM to Asharq Al-Awsat: Accusing Islamabad of  Terrorism is Heinous - Asharq Al-awsat English  
Symposium Board of Directors of Financial Institutions   Practices of Specificities of Good Governance of Islamic Banks  . More d… 
ipl   RSAWvsINDW Dane van Niekerk, right-arm leg break, comes into the attack 
My name is Abdul Majid from  Pakistan &amp; I Salute You Syed Ali Gilani sab
Several hardcore jihadi groups have left Idlib and entered Turkey in the morning to attack Afrin: 23rd Division, Faylaq al S… 
me when danie attack my mentab  
Watching the episode of OTH where they win the state championship and then Haley gets hit by Daunte in his car and…  
There we go ! Who’s decision was it again to let them back in - he should be fired 🤯🤬🇨🇦  
Keep at it sister. The fact that ppl still allow him to go around preaching after what hes been accused of is just…  
CocaCola has been actively suppo ing  Israel since1966. Since2001 its been the main sponsor of the Gala of the…  
Tehran Feb 5
At its sta ing point,  Iran’s recent  uprising kicked off on December 28, 2017, with such slogans like ‘Death to h…   
Child abduction and kidnapping must have no place in  SouthSudan. All waring pa ies must ensure safet…
Kashmir issue has never been a territorial dispute but a question of people’s inherent right to self-determination.…  
Kashmir Solidarity Day 5Feb!
Paris attacks suspect refuses to answer questions at Belgian trial    Islamic
ArgentVibe Everything's going to be OK!  
He didn’t give the penalty originally. We played on, was on the attack and he pulled it back 20 seconds later 
Sommerville repo s the chlorine gas attacks as fact. But elsewhere writes ´according to local media´  
Emirates Islamic contributes AED 500,000 to Khalifa Bin Zayed Al Nahyan Foundation   
Japanese army helicopter crash sparks fire in residential area: TOKYO (Reuters) - A Japanese army Apache attack helicopter crashed in…
Maiden Speech in Upper House (RS) &amp; Wages Scathing Attack on    &amp; Exposed the Hypocrisies of Gandhi Par…
Paris attacks suspect silent as trial begins: media: BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving suspect in the 2015 Islamic State attacks on…
Paris  Attack suspect tried in Belgium over shootout    
The vast majority of  Iranians want  RegimeChange to establish secular democratic…  
Hamas says war with Israel is only days away:
I went on my British passpo  but Pakistanis can’t go cos of   res…  
Allscripts Ransomware Attack Still not Completely Resolved but  Vi elligence consultants deliver unmatched…  
U.S. sta s  Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over IS  
saying “unemployment rate among women has risen fivefold in the past 20 years.”
You heard this first from me.  
Cornered Russian pilot dramatically shouted “This is for our guys!” before killing himself with grenade to avoid capture in…
WorldNow: Turkish military says 947 terrorists have been neutralised so far during Operation Olive Branch in Syria’s Afrin region ht…
Know Truth More    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
IndianArmy shall give proper reply to  Pakistan :  
Attacks on hospitals ongoing  Syria  
y   You lost me. I don't have a ma ial a s teacher, sticky…   
Please take immediate action!
hardships of workers’ lives.
We are trying to identify the person and find out his motivation - Deputy Governor of  Tehran Iran
West  ignores but wait until a Putin proxy under the cover of isis dares do the same to Europe. Then there will be hysteria.
CNN : The King of Jordan tells FareedZakaria that in America   maybe there's a lack of understanding of Islam,   adds…   
Women around the world in every country stand up against fake refugees. Hold governments accountable now!  
'Women would have got the vote earlier if not for suffragette terrorists'    
The latest Gaza Times Daily!   Thanks to  palestine  gaza
The vast majority of  Iranians want  RegimeChange to establish secular democratic  Parliamentary…
Fist fights break out during protest against Turkish operation in  Afrin
After defeat of  ISIS, US redeploying forces from  Iraq to Afghanistan 
There is a high degree of trust in the  Russian -  Israeli relations, Valdai Club expe  Irina Zvyagelskaya believes. “… 
Once again the BBC are exposed for deliberately giving BritNat scumbags a platform to spout utterly outrageous unchalle…
Looking for Designer Contact us
talent  idea  value  oppo unity  pakistan  Lahore  Karachi  Islamabad  success  a   genius  difficult…  
Breaking: Over 50 militants killed within minutes after being snagged by Russian airstrike trap in east  Idlib  
7 people  killed by gunmen in Kadarko village, Keana LGA,  Nasarawa state, early yesterday 30 Jan. Attack follows 28 Jan i… 
Behind the Scenes of  
Turkish troops, Free Syrian Army forces capture  Sourkeh village from  PYD/PKK terrorists in  Afrin,  Syria 
:  SSH Possible SSH attack from 168.195.128.29  

: Fast sketch.  Chlorine gas attack NOW in  Saraqeb  Syria.   hose victims with water. Another  WARCRIME in r…
SAN FRANCISCO - EXTRA! The Iran Protests Daily Newspaper!  
imagine cloverfield paradox came out in theaters and you see the ending in 3D...holy fuck i think i’d have a hea …  
Surprise attack coming from above! Hold ‘em They’re trying to get through!
I doubt very seriously we defeated ISIS. if there us,one family member left slive even if…   
i was playing on my smurf account and i was talking to this group and we were on attack numbani and i told them i w…  
Feb 5 1986 - The London   Wapping Dispute   ends in defeat. Rupe  Murdoch had sacked 6000 workers in an attack on wo…   
Fo  Russ: WATCH as the Kurdish  YPG target Turkish machinery in  Syria's  Afrin    news
Your wcw thinks that the reason women don't pray while menstruating is because of a misogynistic God. She doesn't know that w…
Moreover, ex-DIA chief Flynn said Obama ignored DIA repo  of 'A salafi state could b…   
KashmirMatters  Terrorism by terrorist  India continues in IOK, with Sikhs &amp; against Nagaland.   
Finsbury Park attack suspect charged with terrorism-related murder â€“ The Undefeated Outlet  
It's so good to see Uzair baloch not qualifying for being a terrorist. Ohh how can I forg…  
Instead of a iculating platitudes, like past prime ministers have done, this time round within 10 days the attack…   
THE RISE OF FEMINISM OPPO UNITY TO DRIVE IT HARD WITH SO MANY MAJOR PROBLEMS HOPED WE WOULD NOT SEE THI…  
I commend Gov Ajimobi, for rejecting cattle colonies and tagging it ‘modern slavery’. The plan by Buhari to colonize Nigeri… 
Outlawed  SipaheSahaba/ ASWJ's Muavia Azam openly declares he considers Lashkar-Jhangvi terrorists Riaz Basra &amp; Malik Ishaq,… 
Nazmul Islam.....hardly an impa ial account.
Video of abt two years back when Captain Kapil Kundu came to his village in Haryana. The young officer was killed y…  
Mehdi Hassan is wellspoken, but he is an islamofascist in disguise. He is ranting and preaching that non-Muslims, unbeli… 
Respect is earned not given and firstly  do you expect to have respect towards me when i ha…  
Westminster Dream Team - Gove, Johnson &amp; Mogg not  a scrap if charity among them. All self serving. Neglecting…   
Oh and islam is all about feminism, it aint my fault some pressed men with beards make u think it aint. 
You may miss diff. b/w attack+critique. One is to hu ,weaken,etc;the othe…   
Everything time there is an attack from past 60 years we are just presenting khadi ninda template.
Geopolitics  SaudiArabia [ Stratfor Worldview Webcast] The Road to  Vision2030    
Turkey attempting to Annex  Syria-n land !!! Disgusting, Syria's hope is Turkish Kurdish and the US occupation will…   
MigrantRefugeePhotoStory  iamamigrant “Greek is easy to learn!”, says 10y/o Younes from  Iraq, who is going to sch…   
Europe: Making Islam Great Again | Zero Hedge  
One of the “owners” was provincial health minister Punjab in last tenure. I think “Dr. Tanveer Islam”.…  
So It Begins Canada.
Yonas, Sakas, Pahlavas, Kushanas, Hunas, Tusharas, Kambojas etc- All integrated and adopted Vedic culture. But Islamic… 
The only baffling thing here is  ’s sensationalistic repo ing about what is a well-known history of contact betwe…
Thank god that in our free western society we don't have anything like remotely close to a surveil…  
China has now completed the militarization of WPS! China can easily launch nuclear missiles to atta…  
And that right there is why Corbyn will be PM over my cold dead fucking body!! Murdering CUNT!! Why the fuck isn’t Adams dead…
ownsend7: Qur'an: Hate Speech towards Unbelievers  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
Nazanin has been illegally detained in  Iran for nearly 2 yrs. She has done nothing wrong.  She is separated from her dau…
TTP releasing these at this time also means that Endia is sending a message on the Kashmir Day  
Feb 5 1986 - The London   Wapping Dispute   ends in defeat. Rupe  Murdoch had sacked 6000 workers in an attack on workers'… 
Geopolitics  SaudiArabia [ Stratfor Worldview Webcast] The Road to  Vision2030    
aafaque_ehsens_ideamines_sites  ideamines_aes We are doing what by rights the  Pakistan state should be doing…  
Selling one’s own body organs or blood “on the black market” is a common practice and has actually turned into a business for…
is critically ill   with an asthmatic attack.   has an inhaler to hand him but the OCS has refus…
Ninetales♂ Feint Attack/Heat Wave (IV: 69% - CP: 752 - L: 13) until 03:56:01am  
That is the    Human Rights   organisation ; lawyers of terrorism. 
Sterling Silver Hamsa Hand Pendant Fatima Islamic Hand of God  
Did You know?
Unlikely. No repo s on his exact whereabouts but at around the same ti…  
Before you get too deep, you need to look into your boy blake mallen and visalus.…   
Abu Sufyan was one of the worst enemies of Islam
on Ezra Levant Discussing  Muslim Day Parade in NYC with Guns, Hanged and Caged Women   
I liked a   video   MY DOG REACTS TO ME HAVING HEA  ATTACK!
Profesor  JohnTully   The  Kurds, on the other hand, have shown themselves 2 b a beacon of hope in that blighted reg…   
They think that when a feminist critic says pa s of a game are sexist, it's a personal attack on th…   
💥🇺🇸🇮🇱🇬🇧💥ISIS 'information minister' arrested in Turkey – state media  
Military co-op ‘remains a priority’ for  Pakistan,  Azerbaijan – envoy   kZuMw9g 
In our newly updated conflict tracker  CrisisWatch, we warn of potential escalation in  Afghanistan,  Somaliland,  Syria &amp;… 
having a panic attack while going at 60mph on the motorway is soooo fun:)))
AllIndia24News Daily Briefing:
What rubbish, women had to fight all the way to get a vote, how dare that bloke call them terrorists. 
Passion for designs for social change &amp; storytelling with hea , designer &amp; illustrator   represents a rising  P… 
The interview conducted by Sky News yesterday was revolting too. “What?! You want decent pay for t…
Observing  KashmirSolidarityDay means to convey the message to the world that  Pakistan and Muslims from whole world are…
China has now completed the militarization of WPS! China can easily launch nuclear missiles to atta…  
Delhi's Patiala House Cou  issues notice to Delhi Police (special cell) on the bail plea of Bilal Ahmad Kawa, 2000…   
Tracing the journey of one Indonesian man from middle-class businessman to ISIS fighter, Noor Huda Ismail, maker of the doc… 
FOR YOU...     TurkeyKillsCivilians  TwitterKurds  NotEvenAnInch…  
Attack on Titan scenery  
I actually think I had a hea  attack from a 12 year old
Hoodlums Attack Hausa Family Travelling From Benue To Calabar (See Shocking Photos)  
The latest The  Pa -Time Occupy  Daily!   Thanks to    syria  anonymous
It is estimated that there are around 6,800 pregnant women in need of reproductive health services. Yet pove y and insecur… 
UNDERCOVER:  Syria in Greece Using Fake Passpo s to get to Europe and US  
Once again  Syria govt forces are accused of having attacked pa s of the province of  Idlib with chlorine gas 📻  
Sorry but we are not scared and if you want to loose more soldiers try to attack our Jawans and you will…  
Paris attack prime  SuspectSalahAbdeslam goes on trial in Belgium surrounded by masked terror cops  
Live in fear,' Israeli officer warns German protesters on Facebook    palestine  gaza  israel 
Beautiful handmade paintings  a lover  availableforsale  lahore  pakistan  islamabad  usa  uae  uk  
That is the    Human Rights   organisation ; lawyers of terrorism.   
Whys this gay Christian still talking about Islam ?  
I would have a hea  attack if someone got this for me because yes 👀  
I will commend your intellect because i don't know how you are living with a peanut sized brain. First prayer or re…  
BREAKING: Western contractors at coalition base: American troops sta  drawdown in
The ousting of former prime minister Nawaz Sharif heralds a shift towards democratic checks and balances in Pakistan.…
U.S. sta s Iraq drawdown after defeat of Islamic State group.  
Refuting ISIS' Magazine ‘Rumiyah' That Ignores the Context of Quran's Verses To Forcefully Justify its Atrocities  
KashmirMatters
Hugh Kennedy was hung in 1834 for throwing acid in the face of a servant (relation?)…  
wtf is this accepted?? its outrageous and treasonous. In a country you can only have one law for all people, surely…   
Are you guys up for a vote attack for the  iHea Awards in 10 minutes? Get ready!  CamilaCabello  BestSoloBreakout
s   only a despicable (un) human being will ever laugh at a chemical…  
Opinion: Bhuttos and the Kashmir cause
Collaborative research between   and the ISIS Neutron &amp; Muon Source is advancing our understanding of M…
Why I suppo  the Second Amendment:
Forget the Newspoll primary vote... Labor go into any election with four strings to their bow- their own primary vote, prefe… 
scc   Because when they acted out as little kids they never got their ASS WHOOPED so th…  
One final point. Aleppo is now free of terrorists. I worry about Turkish intentions with their suppo  of Free Syrian Ar…
Football Terrorism - Romance Between Love And Hate - SoccerSouls  
currently having an anxiety attack wbu  
dumb, boring, &amp; prolly dress like a knockoff kardashian. i wish a clear boot wearing ass bitch would ever try to attack any l… 
Ve  Attack will be going off once again here at Bryggeriet Skatepark in the 22-24 of March.…  
The world will remember Kashmir freedom movement as a movement of love for  Pakistan  KashmirMatters  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Warplanes bombed a hospital in Kafr Nabel town this morning.  Idlib  Syria  
FINLAND🇫🇮 sending back  Muslim fakeugees who   would rather die than have to get a job and assimilate with Western cultur… 
China has now completed the militarization of WPS! China can easily launch nuclear missiles to atta…  
How do you feel about Islam? And do you still practice it? — l have such mixed feelings.. but mainly l value it’s e…  
Kashmir issue has never been a territorial dispute but a question of people’s inherent right to self-determination. The p…
Our President   Nicola Fisher speaking at   Conference.  
they are voting faster than us. lets counter attack now.
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
No italians stopping them?  
Yet they're the first to attack Labour…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
Now they have TRUDEAU he suppo s Isis fighters..uh um vacationers.. uh um travellers  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
If u mention mdm rita's name as soon as u walk into the faculty, you will have a gloomy attack and goosebumps 
Same happened with Mourinho and Chelsea. Guess it depends on the type of statement.
on my last bi hday i ended up on the hospital after having a panic attack, now i am over 6 months without attacks, sleepi… 
we going to Islam  
A no go zone surely implies a place where one doesn’t go based on stron…  
The question to ask is how many such Hindu girls are forced to conve  for marriage as against Muslim women marrying Hin…
Nuclear Attack Preparedness gea    gasmask  handcrankgenerator  nuclearattackgear…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
er: Life sta s again in the rubble ...
it left only the cheese to putinate isis-al-Qaeda...  
LatAm's  remains the most democratic region of the developing world in    DemoIndex,   Venezuela has become an authori… 
Syrian Army Temporairly Halts Operations In Idlib, Intensifies Effo s Against ISIS In No heastern Hama (Map)   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Who gave her the right to attack me like this  
Listen to   on   re  Syrian  refugees at risk of being pushed back into  Syria despite ongoing violence. h…
News for ai ravellers. US is now supplying jihadi terrorists with anti-aircraft missiles.  
/ Emily Bot here and sold and paid for in advance hello internet yes I am the rapist anti 494 Nurse celebration tha…  
Israeli jets are not enough to solve Egypt's ISIS problem | Analysis
Pro  Qadyani  ElectionBill of PMLN rejected and  KhatmeNabuwwat strongly endorsed by  PakArmy zindabad  Pakistan paindabad…
Anti- Imperialist U: Iran/Contra Pt 1: The Secret Team    Cuba  Laos  JFK  Vietnam  Nicaragua  Ir…
Who are the most prominent foreign prisoners in  SaudiArabia? 
On the occasion of  KashmirSolidarityDay Hurriyat Leaders expressed their gratitude to People, Gov't and leadership of  P… 
When some dumb lib tries to tell you that the  memo is   an attack on the institutions that keep us safe,   will you please a… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Moylan risked his life for Islamic countries - get a grip
unfinished attack and damaged a ....it's what he deserves  
Viyan Peyman, Arin Mirkan, Musa, Abu Leyla and all the heroes who gave their lives in the war against Islamic fascism, no… 
Islam will NEVER integrate.....there is only two options submit to them or depo  them...I'm for the latter.
Qalandar Khatana A Farmer Abducted by Occupied  Kashmir Terrorists Forces , 
Civil activist Ali Nouri was relieased on bail. He had been arrested on December 30, during  IranProtests &amp; held in…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Panic attack at 4 am.. Glad I'm off today already
Why would you be invited to an Anti-ISIS meeting when you don’t condemn ISIS?
Fo  Russ: WATCH as the Kurdish  YPG target Turkish machinery in  Syria's  Afrin news
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
Fuck this...  
I think Erdogan is making a strategic mistake in Afrin. He is now forcing the intl. community to make a decision, and I think… 
💯   Media  Daily WATCH as the Kurdish  YPG target Turkish machinery in  Syria's  Afrin    news  turkey
🇮🇪🇵🇸🇮🇪ONE Righteous Swed was not just FORGOTTEN but ASSASSINATED by  Zionists TERRORISTS, then FORGOTTEN 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Russia didn't invade anyone, unlike the US.  The US is the one cheating at the Olympics by banning their greatest co… 
China has now completed the militarization of WPS! China can easily launch nuclear missiles to attac…  
A brilliant example in outlining the fact that all invasions are NOT equal. While the Huna Kings built Temples in No h and…
And Brave is persevere to  FreeAhmadreza  Iran  
Hey  , the OPCW just found your buddy 🇸🇾Assad guilty of using sarin not once, not twice, but three times. So why h… 
This is the petition
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
No country in the history of humanity has EVER cut taxes in a relatively strong economy with full employment and massive…
filter for bias. don't know enough to comment fu her, but this is REALLY disturbing and dangerous   
Totally agree. Attempted murder of 3 pedestrians in a deliberate attack.
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Week in review. Trudeau takes a shit kicking at town halls, compares ISIS returnees to Italian immigrants and… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Our President   Nicola Fisher speaking at   Conference.  
why didnt anybody tell me that hea  attack by loona is the best song of the century
It is   candle   not candul, get that guy some lessons in songwriting, or else back to kinderga en.…   
Eevee :133:  IV100 CP886 L34 ♂ [Quick Attack/Dig]
hur,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
isangirl: Turkey attempting to Annex  Syria-n land !!! Disgusting, Syria's hope is Turkish Kurdish and the US occupation will all c… 
A very progressive move full marks to   and   at a time when   chairman…  
AlAire Demi Lovato (   ) - Hea  Attack    
Thanks for clarifying! I think ACS/ICS is the wrong thing to attack if you're worried about increased…  
21st Century - when blatant warcrimes silently are accepted if the blood is on the hands of  Putin or  Assad.
If this isn't a rarest of the rare crime warranting a death sentence then what is?  
scc   Because when they acted out as little kids they never got their ASS WHOOPED so they think th…
The latest episode of the High Speed Hangover Podcast, number 229 features the virulent metal attack of both…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bi… 
Yet another rape in Manchester
RETWEET: This week   was asked about his ISIS reintegration policy. Trudeau defended his ongoing reintegra…
News: China slams   wild guesses   in US nuclear review.    Pakistan  news  morningmail…   
ownsend7:  london: Women deficient in religion  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
I was saddened to hear of the horrific terror attack at the super bowl yesterday... My thoughts and.... o…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
Murkrow available until 05:27:40am (59m 33s). IV: 15/15/15 (100.0%). CP: 313 (L8). Feint Attack/Foul Play  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
How to avoid getting killed by jihadi mob? Liberandus logic: Don't fall in love with their girls like  AnkitSaxena but they ca…
Message From Captain Kapil Kundu  Ma yred In J&amp;K Firing: Life Should Be Big Instead Of Being Long -…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Get that horrid attack dog on a lead. The public walk on beaches.
KrishnaKumari of  Nagarparkar in  Sindh is being given a Senate ticket by the  PPP which dominates the  SindhAssembly
Isis Love gets the hard bone of Black Yeti meat!!!  
Tiger source: Over 30 terrorists neutralized in one strike in Tal Tuqan while another 25 were killed in Tal Sultan’s vicinity…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bia… 
From  Syria to  Trump,  Mattis, and  Tillerson:  Shut up! We the  Syrian people have the right to choose our own president… 
Terrorism insurance lifeboat:  UK faces 'far more complex and dangerous' threat in 2018 from extremists - City A.M…  
Ol Mate seems to forget the massive multi pronged attack from Murdoch, the ABC, Corporations, and miner…   
muslims feel so threatened by ex-muslims lol it’s amusing  
London There are two things the media always do after Islamist attacks and ev…  
If you are a muslim, then you are aware of what is in the Koran. Where do all the terrorist groups com…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
UKIP have become THE USEFUL IDIOTS OF ISLAM!  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Great ! i wish  India  Pakistan and  Bangladesh can learn something from this ...
Dutch gov should revoke asylum status of Joma for being a terrorist leader, commanding his dogs to attac…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
MochiGateJalsa Join us on  5thFebruary at  Lahore  MochiGateJalsa to show the solidarity with  Kashmir &amp; to share the  …
The next year Modi claimed that Demonetization will reduce Terrorism and it will reduce Black Money.
The Indigenous people of Biafra  IPOB appeal to the  Israel for urgent intervention in Nigerian situation,restates cal… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Flawed poll! Anything and anyone Islamic or Muslim is anti-Pars and anti…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Europe: Making Islam Great Again    
Perpetual war: Tillerson says  US troops will stay in  Syria indefinitely, renews calls for regime change 
Turkish jets hit Kurdish militants in Iraq and Isis targets in Syria  
Iranian official confirms security forces shot, arrested knife-wielding man trying to enter presidential compound…   
Aleppo  Afrin :
Civil activist Ali Nouri was released on bail. He had been arrested on December 30, during  IranProtests &amp; held in…   
Anti-  terror police question schoolboy for wearing pro-  Palestine badge prevent
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
More Islamic State jihadis now in UK than Britons in Syria fighting the Islamic State  
[15-16 CE ] The huge Mu i at top of Sharika Parvat &amp; Pradyumna Peeth broken and Vandalised ( From: Islamic records-Tohfa…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
2: 👉Sunnats of Sleeping
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving suspect in the 2015 Islamic State attacks on Paris appeared to refuse to s…  
were you sleepimg.siring interview with Rep.Collins?  I can't believe you let him make many Non factual st…  
Don't forget Grozny is Russia and anything that happened is thanks to ameriKKKan suppo ed terrorists.…
The moment I had my first hea  attack  
Qatarism: A Documentary Film (coming soon) Exposing  Qatar's Funding of  Terrorism
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
UK: Three charged with murder after death of man in bar attack    
you cant... where do we get our islamic food like turkish pizza from o.O   
SAM1   FuryBlazing:   Kashmir will become Pakistan, Indian will be broken into peaces, US will be driven out of Af…   
Islam proclaims to be the peaceful religion but they never had the bigger stick so to…  
SAM1   MonaAlamm: This young handsome  Pakistan  Army officer poses with his toy gun in  KashmirSolidarityDay ral…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
An example of Swedens irresponsible migration policy that made the terror attack in april 2017 possible. Read &amp; retweet! An…
MSF_Ind: Nagaraja Mallikarjuna (right), an emergency  physician from  Bengaluru, India, &amp; Pradeep Samanjeeva (le…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Islam does not recognise Christianity so why should we recognise Islam. The Jewish State is not recognised on a pol…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
It's meant to be an attack on them, and the men doing it have admitted as much. That's literally their reasoning. It's a… 
People of  Pakistan suppo  the people of Indian held  Kashmir in their struggle of having their right to the self-determina…
ISIS &amp; ISIS related groups are not exactly reliable sources are they Quentin? Sad when one no longer feels a…
That mini hea  attack when u thought it's morning na and u have to go to school na pero hapon pa lang
AMERICAN BLACKOUT - NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC (FULL MOVIE) CYBER ATTACK   via  
Security: their big pact is to panic attack/kill him (911). WAITING. Masons! Meanwhile I can’t wait to ARCHIVE and…  
News from  Iran about A. Djalali's case are absolutely appalling.
Repo  exposes  PKK’s ethnic cleansing in  Syria    
Today, grave plots are being hatched by superpowers in the world against the Islamic Ummah, but it is possible to sta… 
Technical defect my foot!  
Iranian official confirms security forces shot, arrested knife-wielding man trying to enter presidential compound 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
…  
The virus analogy is not wholly accurate. Traitors within the West have engineered circumstance…
London Terror Attack Before Vote Leaves 7 Dead, Many Hu  - Bloomberg   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Can you get over this by simply blaming Patriarchy? No.
.  standing by his decision to post videos from Britain First last year. He tells   the videos a…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Senator Jim Molan ,the Very Model of a Modern Major-General-“I’ve put my life on the line for Islamic countries .  …   
Scum of the ea h  
Struggle of Kashmiris destined to succeed: COAS -    Pakistan  
SAA led by Elite Forces is repelling a large-scale  HTS &amp;  TIP counter-attack on no hwestern  AbuDhuhur axis.  IDLIB…
Turkish army attack Jindires with howitzers  
With ISIS in Iraq defeated, the US military is beginning to draw down from Baghdad    b2b   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
More Islamic State jihadis now in UK than Britons in Syria fighting the Islamic State  
Just as well that 15 years and counting of US  carpet-bombing and suppo  for ethnic cleansing had not…
Richmond VA USA -  Security Consultant - Attack Pen - Vi ual U.S. - Interface with client personnel to gather info…  
BREAKING: Unknown Tried Break Into  Iran Presidential Office Carrying Knife    Rouhani
:  SIP Possible SIP attack from 107.155.185.100  
/ doe attack Full Blast he was right we are against his weed smoking kill him hu s worse doesn’t anti mental health homo /
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Child marriage is still common in Islamic countries, Women are jailed for repo in…   
U.S. coalition general tells   Defeat of ISIS depends on stabilizing eastern sector of Syria…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
As Water Fills the Sea - The day’s news was discouraging. There was another terrorist attack. Two countries squabbled…
Dagger should be a dagger. I completely agree. Right now it's so out of pl…  
Tonight I got drunk, shaved my head, had a panic attack, and then cooked food. This is fine 🤷‍♀️ 
See what Netherland country, their Government &amp; people do to other democratic society. Netherland is the launching…   
Maweo, use telepor' attack! 
Sadly the Brexiters don't care if the UK economy crashes and burns just as long as they g…  
No argument there.  The Left/Liberals want to   re-write   History; as well as replace Europeans w/ mass imm… 
Do soldiers have HUMAN RIGHTS too ?
Meanwhile, the Trump administration has undone some of its predecessor's assaults on norms--e.g., the Title IX attack on… 
A NFL lover can't attack a football player and you know why? Because that is the finality of the American Football,…   
In  Turkey, soaring suppo  for Syrian offensive and rising anti-Americanism  Syria  Afrin  Kurdish   
There it is! Croatia is going to be new Germany!!! Prison time for telling PM to go and fuck him self! WELL MR ANDRIA PLENKO…
Tehran Feb 4
these days when youths in my country  Iran crying 4 freedom/ I hear your voice singing; we shall overcome one…
Just bcs people speaks Malay, 
If you’re not a patriot and want Islam here so badly, then move to Iran or Saudi, they will embrace you with the sh…   
New post (Aaqa Dey Deewaneyan Nu Welcome Welcome | Akram Rahi | Naat Video Vol. 3 | Rabi-ul-Awal Naats) has been pu…  
KashmirKiAwazSirfNawaz

6/? I THINK ALL THREE MOVIES TAKE PLACE WITHIN THE SAME TIMEFRAME. I believe it sta s with  CloverfieldParadox and…  
Terrorism: More Than Meets the Eye I Am the Eye in the Sky  
SOHR count: YPG lost 108 soldiers
TTP releasing these at this time also means that Endia is sending a message on the Kashmir Day  
Are   &amp; Barbara Slavin‘s Future of  Iran Initiative shop   in violation of US “Countering America’s…
Last night, motorcycles of Basij (Islamic Revolutionary Guard Morality Police) were demolished after their attempt to arre… 
This is a lie. If he was speaking peace, why did he never even…   
I can't get my head why white shi   had to attack the protester he was standing with his arms folded  not threaten…  
JEON WONWOO GAVE ME A HEA  ATTACK! 😭😭😭  세븐틴_고맙다  
The people of  Kashmir and  Pakistan are not against  India. They want peace, which is achievable by resolving Kashmir Con… 
We are always thankful to God as he had showed us the right path of faithfulness towards our religion ,we trust what w… 
And nobody should assume that RSS/BJP will come to rescue of Hindus. The 50 lakh strong organisation cries loudest and…
3:28 tUnE-yArDs - Hea  Attack
Video pa  1/2: In another first,   puts Pakistan's case to Indian audience through   and  … 
In monetary terms,  IslamicFinance is the largest sector of the Islamic Economy! Read more in the  SGIE2017 Repo …   
SurgicalStrike was a historic moment. World sta ed seeing India from a different view. They realised that after…  
Iran:Because of the unity and steadfastness of the dervishes, government forces withdrew 
Iranian attacker shot and arrested after trying to break into Hassan Rouhani's Tehran office    
Creating the next generation of terrorists right there.  
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Dazzling Gleam (IV: 84% - CP: 592 - L: 31 until 04:58:48am.  
This Woman Killed 100 ISIS Militants Now Has An Unimaginable Bounty Amount On Her Head  
Syrian Army breaks through  ISIL's lines to liberate 3 towns in no heast  Hama    Idlib  Syria
Israel accepted offers for peace in 1937, 1947, 1967, 2000 &amp; 2008. The  Palestinians have rejected all of them.   
All this from a   Man   who calls himself a feminist who embraces islam.   makes zero sens…   
Md zahedul islam thanks for following me on Twitter! I always  followback -- FamilyFriendly} only  
Azerbaijani, Pakistani, Turkish FMs to meeting in Islamabad in the fall -  Azerbaijan  Pakistan   
Iranian Protesters take back to the streets . They need America's suppo  and prayers for their safety !  
It's not just lefties that hate her, everyone hates her, she's one vile evil minded woman, she ve…   
King Abdullah of Jordan: “Maybe there’s a lack of understanding of Islam” in Washington  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Take a careful look at this screenshot of a search, which IMO exposes a far greater opposition to Infidels than to…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Chief secretary: Use tankers to supply potable water in Bundelkhand - Times of India    Israel
Imagine an attack from a supercomputer from the govt./ pvt organisation trying to penetrate the bloc…  
creepingsharia   White House ID’s 15 Muslim Terrorists Who Entered U.S. via Chain Migration, Visa Lottery Scams   
Good read by   Is Trump hostility nudging  Iran toward democracy?  Yes   … via    IranPr…
News for ai ravellers. US is now supplying jihadi terrorists with anti-aircraft missiles.  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
Ok! Boarded Gulf Air, they sta ed take off with Islam prayer.imagine hue n cry by our libtards n sickulars if Air…   
U.S. sta s  Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over IS  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
And the US don't give a shit anymore about  Kurds. Thank you for their service against  ISIS.
Watch how quietly Muslim Brotherhood is taking over Europe through  PopulationJihad Refugees in Germany have to donate t…
I Will Retweet this now an again to remind myself of the evils of america  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
ImACelebrityAU check out the truth of Islam. Religion of  
Ebrahim Mohseni who spoke for Bassij Forces in  Iran &amp; works closely w/  Iran ’s intelligence and IRGC released a…
Eizenkot clarifies Israelis captive by  Hamas must come before  Gaza rehabilitation  IsraelNews  
DefeatDaesh  DefeatPKK  Turkey with it's  Syrian Pa ners  SyrianNationalArmy determined to eradicate Terrorists f…  
Preston Bush was Hitler’s top financier.
This is terrorism  KarniSena must be banned. Will someone take any action on this violence against innocents ?
attack on bangtan 💥
My Spirit Amber Attack called Akabari (Red Needle)
Putin is still silent about the murdered Russian pilot, but we already have some records of how Putin responds. 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bi… 
Europe: Making Islam Great Again   via Tyler Durden
Chief secretary: Use tankers to supply potable water in Bundelkhand - Times of India    Israel
Everytime NIA,BJP,RSS cannot come to the rescue of the hindu Girls, and some liberalendu hindu girls too despis… 
One of the german main Broadcasting Companies, the  , insinuates in the daily news   tha…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Syria-n civilians treated for 'suffocation' after  Saraqeb airstrikes 
Iran, 9 children lost their lives due to frostbite in the ea hquake-stricken area &amp; 97 people committed suicide after the ea… 
Iran - Senior Prison Official Admits to Arrest of More Than 5,000 People, Including 1,400 Women During the Protests 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
How dare you talk  Israeli  terrorist and no body negotiates your occupation for  Palestine and daily killi…
As expected...
Hea s of  Kashmir beats for  Pakistan!
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
Retweet For Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton To Be Prosecuted For Treason! Requests For Help Denied During Benghazi Ter…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Time to attack  Pakistan, split it into four pa s:  SubramanianSwamy 
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
While the morons all over the world are promoting  WorldHijabDay half the population of  Iran want to take if off
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Warplanes bombed a hospital in Kafr Nabel town this morning.  Idlib  Syria  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Football is a religion in Newcastle.
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
u shut up TOMI u kill ppls through police in MODEL TOWN and i think 🤔 TOMI is tht u behind attack bcs u killed ppls…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
Innocent citizens facing brunt of hostility between  India &amp;  Pakistan.  
ChildrenUnderAttack
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
radicaldaily: Feb 5 1986 - The London   Wapping Dispute   ends in defeat. Rupe  Murdoch had sacked 6000 workers in a…   
The Quranic Essence of Parenting -   -  LifeInIslam  ramadan  islam  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
bombed by  Assad/ Putin Take a selfie in…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bi… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Story of Yusuf Estes - From darkness to light
Iran,  Russia,  Syria,  Iraq Hold Security Meeting in  Baghdad 
After the  Discove rueIslam Launch Event last night, members of the  Ahmadiyya Muslims are ready to Kicksta  the…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Would an Engineering graduate fit in terms of the background ?  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Jose Mourinho  happy that Sanchez completes attack - Irish Times   via    happy
This is terrorism  
President  Rouhani seems to have been at a transpo ation exhibition in  Tehran when a machete-wielding man attacke…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
aah u shut up TOMI u kill ppls through police in MODEL TOWN and i think 🤔 TOMI is tht u behind attack bc…  
MondayMotivaton: Don't let your  Sins devalue and deplete your  Good  Actions
Ah, your daily attack on masculinity brought to you by Guardian. 
The bureaucracy of evil: how Islamic State ran a city  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
Rwanda dissidents politicians, journalists, simple citizens  who were seen in their offices, lefts theirs families…   
1st worst kept ?  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Maldives president declares  war on SC, cou  seeks  India help    HappeningNow…   
We are using this beautiful morning to welcome our fresh students into the college of Medicine, LASUCOM . We pray A…   
SMOOCH ATTACK INCOMING 😗😗😗😗😗
Damascus today
Hea  attack waiting to happen that man 🤣
I predict Varadkar will express concern and Dacre will attack.
I can say there is something selfishness of China in this.
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
After the  Discove rueIslam Launch Event last night, members of the  Ahmadiyya Muslims are ready to Kicksta  the week, t… 
Fireworks with Melon stick
Attack in Swat: There will be no such attacks once the US and Anglo-Zionists and their Panjsheri puppets leave Kabu…  
Turkey’s offensive in Afrin to bring back terrorists to Syria
Kylie Jenner breaks silence and the internet with bi h announcement -    Pakistan  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
US sta s Iraq drawdown after defeat of Islamic State group
He claimed that the DUP were homophobic due to their religiously motivated stance on Gay Marriage.
The  Ayodhya dispute is neither a prope y dispute, nor a  Hindu vs  Muslim issue, but a matter that affects the ve…   
Some great advice, at what can be a scary time if you are havhg to watch your child have a panic attack…   
2012 - huge demonstrations in  Turkey in oppositon to  Erdogan policy of terrorism incubation &amp; allegiance to NATO imper…
r4today  Freemasons
Battle for Palmyra: Govt troops on verge of retaking historical  Syria city from  Daesh  
The fishing industry represents 7,6 billion € in the  Mediterranean sea  …   
It's just unbelievable that hospitals need to be built under 60 feet of rock in the first place. And even then aren…  
IRAN time is: 1 PM  Iran  Tehran
How will relationships unfold in the future?    Israel  MiddleEast  Politics  
The chef at   says to attack this towering chicharrón like Jenga  
US redeploying forces from  Iraq to  Afghanistan    
404 ISIS not found
Women make up one half of society. Our society will remain backward and in chains unless its women are liberated,…   
Criminal behaviour 101 - you don't attack when the attention is on you but  when your victim…  
This is the story of Kimmie Taylor, 27, the first British woman to travel to Syria to join the fight against Isis: https:/… 
Muslims are sure that Quran was revealed to Muhammad by God  ep3_M&amp;S  
Repo  on a vulnerability to Receive process of  
Iranian attacker shot and arrested after trying to break into Hassan Rouhani&amp;apos;s Tehran office   
im gonna have a hea  attack stop  
investigation k daere me to laya b ja skta h MODEL TOWN ko base bna kr or REMAND b easily lia ja skta hy phr km az…  
CORRE BATERRR
Pakistan  News Russia to use ‘Made in Pakistan’ footballs in FIFA World Cup 2018    Pakistan  
:   :Daily Briefing:
Man shot after trying to break into Iranian president's office  
Islam discourages Muslims from marrying people who worship idols or cows(Irrespective of gender)
Hey, can you tell me why and what inspired you to be a Muslim, also how do you feel now? — My teacher was Muslim. I…   
Pakistan  News Indian unprovoked shelling ma yrs one civilian, injures two in AJK: ISPR 
Naxals are still called Naxals and not
on: Thousands of ISIS Fighters Flee in Syria, Many to Fight Another Day   
Russia Steps Up Idlib Strikes After Su-25 Downing
Pakistan  News American DJ Diplo rocks Islamabad weeks after Trump’s outburst against Pakistan…  
We cannot go back now, our house is destroyed, there are no markets, we cannot walk around freely. Our city has tu…   
To the people that attack you, 
US sta s Iraq drawdown after defeat of Islamic State group  
Lads, I nearly had a panic attack watching it as my boss would've never let me forget i…   
Pakistan  News Youth dies from alleged police brutality in Rawalpindi    Pakistan  
This debate will happen while we're vigilling. In February we'll keep up pressure to end Israeli military detention…  
Pakistan  News Four ‘Afghan spies’ among 12 arrested in refugee camp raid    Pakistan  
Victims' Rights save the all human please spread and retweet. let's save all human    peace  war　 book　 Philosophy　Please   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
today launches its inaugural  Terrorism Frequency Repo , a qua erly insight into the  terrorist…   
Pakistan  News Pakistani TV actor Sajid Hasan’s hair transplant goes horribly wrong    
Pakistan  News ‘Sharif’s speech cleared up his notion of democracy that elected PM above law’ – IK…  
No reaction from Erdogan and the Turkish Government... In Afrin, he is steady talking of Islamic values😠😡,…   
Just like Trump &amp; his suppo ers in US indian RWs are scouring newspapers everyday for ordinary crimes involving Mu…  
Liberal Snowflake Judges care more about radical islamic terrorists than they do their own citizens!  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Some kitty named Ripstare fails to use Gas Tail Attack.
The IPS in this guttersnipes handle stands for Islamic Pimping Service 😜  
13. (3) Combating terrorism, radicalism, and violent extremism, through: Establishing global comprehensive approach…   
The Islamic State’s toxic farewell: Environmental sabotage, chronic disease and poisoned crops…   
Pakistan  News Rome bans protests over Turkey’s offensive ahead of Erdogan talks with pope    
Currently reading  
Vicious attack on Good Samaritan   via  
RWNJ  Racist  Bigot  Moron And  Imbecile And Latest Addition to   s  GangOfRacists   Post Anti  Mu…
ah, right. there's a kancolle event this month... well... perhaps I could be bothered to farm for buckets at least.…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
This digital painting as my two cents contribution in suppo  of the Kashmiri cause. The world/UN must fulfill its…  
Coping With Stress, Anxiety and Panic Attacks: For some individuals, stress anxiety and panic attack can be so s...   
With ISIS in Iraq defeated, the US military is beginning to draw down from Baghdad 
er,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Oscar De La  Hoya:  Floyd Mayweather's an  Attention  Whore, He'll ' Never'  Fight in UFC    Hell  Mayweathers 
an absence of functional knowledge of Islamic law in America’s halls of power is the crux of the immediate problem!…  
Pakistan  News Nation to stand by Kashmiri people in right of self-determination struggle: PM…  
To vote Capt.(R) Fariduddin Mustafa from  Jamshoro as 2017  IntegrityIdol for  Pakistan type Idol&lt;space&gt;Farid and s…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
How to expose Islam publicly.  BillWarnerPhD  
They all have connections to what others call terrorist and to actual terrorists difference if wether t…  
Mattis Threatens Military Action Over Syria Gas Attack Claims, Then Admits “No Evidence” 
Pakistan  News Dubai airpo  retains top international spot in 2017    Pakistan  
Cheaters are don't deserve love
I won’t defend Luthuli house it’s not under attack  
Nothing to do with Islam?'; Out now.  Muslim  pjnet 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Oscar De La  Hoya:  Floyd Mayweather's an  Attention  Whore, He'll ' Never'  Fight in UFC    Hell  Mayweathers 
Pa isangirl    isangirl
I understand, your thinking on this as I used to have similar thoughts about fashion choices. However…   
They conned you &amp; said they were fighting  ISIS while in reality they are committing daily savage genocidal crimes…  
Zionists invented Modern Terrorism:    gaza  palestine
Let govt unseal ALL documents relevant to 9.11 and pre   orchestrated a…   
Secondly, praying can be of extreme discomfo  to a woman going through her cycle so Islam exempted her from it bec…   
This is what women go through. This girl experienced this because of her biology. Not her gender identity. Woman MEANS s…
Morning all! Let's attack Monday with many cups of coffee... What's everyone working on this week?  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
He must be talking about some other form of Islam because I or anyone I know of has never heard…  
Look at This Beauty Who Killed more than 100 ISIS Jihadists Given SICKENING ‘Welcome’ By Liberals &lt; America Fans  
This Viber call could be the key to a million bucks 😅  workthewait  fight 💵
Heavy Snow in Tehran  Iran •  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bia… 
1.
enberry,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
It’s on my sex playlist along with most of Massive Attack’s Blue Lines and “With One Look” from Sunset Boulevard  
Lahore_Orange_Line_Metro_Train Work Near  GT_Road Section
Maybe there is a lack of understanding of  Islam   in America,  Jordan's   tells  .   Isl…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Israel  JERUSALEM_POST  NEWS  broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Man shot and arrested in Iran after trying to break i…  
The Islamic State’s toxic farewell: Environmental sabotage and chronic disease...
I DID NOT SIGN UP FOR THIS ATTACK  
wonwoo's a maths major in this fic which im taking as a personal attack against me, a dyscalculic who cant read numbers 
Kashmir - A valley of endless sorrows.
American troops sta  a drawdown in  Iraq following defeat of Islamic State group -  
Thnx Indian army for the action against terrorism.V should all pray for safety &amp; well being of our Indian soldiers.  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
I SAID IM A BISEXUAL HAVING A HEA  ATTACK  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Pro-Ahmadinejad &amp; their sympathizers have already sta ed blaming the government and  JCPOA!  
We  Pakistani believes that    Kashmir is the Jugular vein of  Pakistan    
‘There has been widespread speculation… it was a sex  Attack in Dundee’    
She is working with Turks invaders actully its possible she live in Turkey,she suppo ed isis when they murder kurd…   
onguedDvl   yJen…  
If they are openly saying that, why on ea h did they go there...   
15 terrorists 'neutralized' across  Turkey in last week    
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
With ISIS in Iraq defeated, the US military is beginning to draw down from Baghdad   
I can confirm that Ace Magashule was in tears when he was being grilled by the NEC for going to KZN to attack the new…
58 million strong large password list to crack password via dictionary attack  17MillionStrong  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Illinois GOP Rep. under fire for ad mocking transgender community, feminists   via   
Protests prove Sara Khan is the right choice to counter Islamist terrorism - Karen Harradine
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
This Woman Killed 100 ISIS Militants Now Has An Unimaginable Bounty Amount On Her Head  
No more stone pelting, use real bombs on Indian terrorist army. 
In 2014 the Pakistani Taliban announced that Khan should represent them in negotiations with the govt. “All terrorism is po…
ARMY MUST BE Given The FREE HAND
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Paris attacks suspect goes on trial in Brussels - BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving suspect in the 2015 Isla…  
Kashmir lives matter and we won't accept any violence against them.  Pakistan  StandForKashmir  
karinding.attack on Hellprint United Day VI
That's Muslamic knowledge.
*[Temmie forgot her other attack.]
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Paris attacks suspect goes on trial in Brussels   BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving su…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
Europe: Making Islam Great Again - Authored by Judith Bergman via The Gatestone Institute,   We cannot and will neve…   
I'm not a vegan BTW and not trying to attack or shut down; I do however think…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Whenever blocked by a Bhakt. Means they couldn't argue beyond Madarsa Chaap, Halala… 
Thousands of ISIS Fighters Flee in Syria, Many to Fight Another Day - The New York Times   
Reuters: Paris attacks suspect silent as trial begins - media - BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving suspect in…  
Work With Them But Not Work With Them, If You Can Understand...   
Sikorsky Qualifies Weapons System for Digital Black Hawk Helicopter - Integrated system simplifies high accuracy ta…  
Documentation of Indian occupation forces marauding &amp; terrorism in  Kashmir: this kind of evidence for a  HumanRights &amp;…
US redeploying forces from  Iraq to  Afghanistan    
Drone strike on 24 Jan was on individual target morphed into Afghan Refugees and not any organised terrorists sanctuary…
This revolting excuse for a human being should NEVER have been allowed to assume a Senate seat!!   He should actually be in…
:  SSH Possible SSH attack from 90.84.44.165  
Israel  TOF  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: In first, Germany to compensate 25,000 Algerian Jewish Holocaust…   
Israel  TOF  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: US sta s Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over IS - So…  
Reuters  Business  Science  Learn  Know  Tech  Geek  SWFL  Home  Money  Forex  MichaelDMay  World Paris attacks su…  
Israel  Times of Israel  TOF  NEWS broadast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: In first, Germany to compensate 25,000 Algerian J…   
Reuters  Business  Science  Learn  Know  Tech  Geek  SWFL  Home  Money  Forex  MichaelDMay  World Japanese army he…  
Israel  Times of Israel  TOF  NEWS broadast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: US sta s Iraq drawdown after declaration of vict…  
VigilPatriot tweeted - How to expose Islam publicly.   PoliticalIslam  BillWarnerPhD  
How many is that for this year? And we're only just into February.
No, these 2 people are propagandist paid by Russian &amp; Syrian states and their lies have been debunked on…   
on,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
Opinion: Our religious tests
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Israel✡  Haaretz broadcast by  TheIsraelCompany: Why Israeli fighter jets aren’t enough to solve Egypt's ISIS prob…  
This FISA Cou  was established to oversee wiretapping of FOREIGNERS in America that were suspected of terrorism.
al_Kemlu_RI: 13. (3) Combating terrorism, radicalism, and violent extremism, through: Establishing global comprehensive approach in… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Please speak up. Please tell young people you do not endorse misogyny &amp; aggression in any cause   …  
Israel  Jewish News   NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Israel warns Lebanon that the next conflict will be ALL…  
Israel  Jewish News   NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: GAME OVER: CZECH REPUBLIC slams the door on Muslim migra…  
Israel  Jewish News   NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: GROSS: Muslim deviant arrested for masturbating at a Bur…  
Israel  Jewish News   NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Swedish Politician Who Fought for Equality and Open Bord…  
Israel  Jewish News   NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: MAKE ITALY GREAT AGAIN: Trump-like Prime Minister hopefu…  
Salah Abdeslam- Paris attacks suspect goes on trial in Belgium
:  SSH Possible SSH attack from 90.84.44.165  
More intensive raids last night by Israeli occupation forces in Jenin area, as Ahmad Nasr Jarrar continues to evade capture,… 
Syria infants in Ma'aret al-Noaman Hospital after Russian airstrike  Idlib  
A King Burny has attacked you out of the blue! Attack back?
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
This nigga is tryna be a gentleman but the 🍆 is taking advantage of this situation  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Amjad Shah  PPPP worker since 45 years joined  PTI. He was vice president PP138. He showed his full confidence in  …
I almost had a hea  attack when I saw  GetWellSoonNamjoon trending. This is such a minor surgery that thousands of…  
“Regime change is the only hope for the people of Iran (and the region).”   writes via  …  
🎥 |  Turkey's Ambassador to Washington Serdar Kilic [   ]:
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
Yea, a winning side will result to desperate tactics? Nice try alqaeda 
Daft remark. It’s because Modi is all over the world doing his best to drum up intere…  
Turkish opposition calls for contacts with  Damascus to ensure peace in  Syria
me and ami are having a crack attack on call
LMFAO so many dead but so little gained  fakenews  
Thanos  Reigns in New  Infinity  War  Super  Bowl  Photos -   -  Latest_Movies  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
He died in prison from a hea  attack a few years ago
Liverpool Maya Bar attack: Three charged with murder   posted by BBC News.
Kashmir is not alone, and will always find  Pakistan holding its hand during freedom movement. 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bi… 
Meanwhile in the UK Islams are fighting for girls under the age of eight to be forced into hijabs. 🤦🏽‍♀️  
India may target  CPEC installations:  Pakistan Interior Ministry    
RegimeChange Is Coming In  Iran!  IranProtests  IranUprising   
Mattis Threatens Military Action Over Syria Gas Attack Claims, Then Admits “No Evidence” 
DIRECTIONER ATTACK
Now the situation in East Turkestan ( so called  Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous region, China ) is worse than ever,  Uyghur… 
A Tsunami is coming. Tsunami of leaving Islam : Dr. Bilal Philips said in Abu Huraija Center, Canada 
Police Confirm Herdsmen’s Attack On Adamawa Villages -    
Bus pelted with rocks in south: 'It's like a terror attack'  
And they said Boko Haram has been completely defeated.  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
We are looking for a Senior Field Assistant to join   office in  Baghdad to learn more click on the following link:…
It is the peaceful   religion   of Islam... they say, they present you in writing what they think of non Islamist, an…   
.  teams respond to an attack with chlorine gas. 9 injured including 3 White Helmet volunteers.  Saraqeb town…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
US Troops in  Kurdish Uniforms Now isn't that a Good Reason to Stand for UR Flag  America? SMH!  USA covered in so much Sham…
WARNING:  Russian pilot Major Roman  Filippov says   This is for our guys!   [Russians killed fighting terrorists in Syria] j… 
The chef at   says to attack this towering chicharrón like Jenga  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
They conned you &amp; said they were fighting  ISIS while in reality they are committing daily savage genocidal crimes against def…
Okay, I almost got a hea  attack, because I thought I don't have this photo of Reo, but I found it, hah…   
Rohingya persecution could trigger regional conflict: UN  Iran  PersianGulf🇮🇷  
TheArabSource   Syrian Army breaks through  ISIL's lines to liberate 3 towns in no heast  Hama    Idlib  Syria   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
Its a interesting problem all of it. My research says email deception is easily the…  
Afghanistan is a mess!  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
: Same happened with Mourinho and Chelsea. Guess it depends on the type of statement.
Fridge  Attack –  Hackers Use it to  Mine  Bitcoin!    
BREAKING
er: SNHR documented  on February 4, the killing of 6 civilians, including 2 children and 2 women... 
I liked a   video   BEACH ATTACK - Battlefield 1
Britain First are mobilising behind Jacob Rees-Mogg
live nude a  islamic sexy prono girl pics  
East  Ghouta alleged   Chlorine gas   attacks. I was 200m fm Ghouta/Jobar, drove thru  Qaboun Jan 2018.  SAA  RSCD &amp;…   
Arabic is for Arabs and it was spoken perfectly and eloquently even by children.  However, with Islamic…   
ITS NOT THAT BAD SIS BELUM CUBA BELUM TAHU!!!!! aku dah agak mesti kena attack if ppl know i put full cre…   H7bwK3Y
Four hundred years ago we had the same level of thought about European rulers. Then Europe had the enl…  
Avengers: Infinity  War: New trailer released during  SuperBowl 52    
Not surprised at AAP attack on   if you fight corruption against power, they are always out to get you. 
'Dead Centre' is the name of any area where this  Welsh gang operates for hire. Read about their new form of…  
Now we know what you're thinking, why would a Detective who's not a Homicide Detective (They're separate in DC) attack m… 
Machete-wielding man repo edly shot by guards near president's office in Tehran    
HELL NATION    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Jihad  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan
ling: Just received a request to compare this to military operations. These bots and this messaging threatens the existence of…
Image of a child wounded due to  RussianForces shelling on Wadi al Naseem area south of  Idlib city, Feb 4  Syria 
We Planned To Attack Ondo - Arrested Boko Haram Suspect   via    
Europe,  UK, arise! You, We, can beat this! UK, unite and fight! Fight the “leaders &amp; the globalists who do NOT care abo… 
Sttttoooooppppp I'm like squirming w/ soft cringe attack :'(  
France plans to work with Turkey on  Syria 'road map'    Erdogan  Macron
The crashed aircraft was a Boeing AH-64D 'Apache Longbow' attack helicopter belonging to Japan Ground Self Defense Force. Infor…
me and ami are having a crack attack on call
In January 2018, Taliban fighters conducted 853 operations including 6 suicide attacks against the Afghan Army, Pol…   
Jigglypuff ♂ Feint Attack/Dazzling Gleam (IV: 84% - CP: 520 - L: 27 until 05:30:22am.  
Voters beginning see new govt legislation is a major attack on basic democratic rights in Australia .Huge &amp; will on…  
Rana Ullah, Law Minister Punjab, has to take ce ificate of being Muslim. Mullahs are empowered by the state to put one's lif… 
Always wondered why, if Islam is the religion of peace, why aren't Islamic extremists really peaceful instead of being all st… 
Wish you a very happy bi hday   . Having seen you as a young kid who was trying to find his way, to leading… 
Man shot after trying to break into Iranian president's office  
On the merit, Paddy's piece was very informative and encouraging. I could relate to many things he sai…   
Which country supplied the man-po able air defense system (MANPAD) with which a Syrian jihadist group shot down Russia's SU…
Not all arab understand Islam, even though the revelation is in their language. 
NEW MAP: Military situation in  Aleppo and  Idlib Governorates.  Syria
A teen, who is awaiting sentence after admitting committing terrorism offences, has been remanded in custody after breaching… 
are as follows:
Arson attack on Tavistock public toilets investigated. More here:    
Hate preaching in  Mosque  
Republican House Intel member says memo isn't an 'attack on Bob Mueller'  
Yet unverified:  SyrianRegime forces dropped  BarrelBombs loaded with  PoisonGas on Saraqeb city in Idlib, Feb 4  Syria 
Difference with what? No Hindu did that either ..... what is the point? How many Love Jihad ends in throat slit?  
15. In  Orumiyeh, 500 people whose lands have been confiscated by Bassij, gathered in Bassij Square, demanding thei…   
RussianForces shelled Kafr Nobbol Surgical Hospital in  KafrNobbol city in  Idlib suburbs, Feb 4  Syria 
Rumiyah ISIS Magazine | Counter Extremism Project  
Here's the much- awaited  JurassicWorldFallenKingdom   trailer
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Well perhaps because nowadays it’s pretty dangerous in asia, and japan wants to be able to prote…   
RegimeChange Is Coming In  Iran  IranProtest  FreeThemAll   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
Attack 4
King Abdullah of Jordan: “Maybe there’s a lack of understanding of Islam” in Washington  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Russia has decided to prevent  Turkish warplanes from flying over  Afrin,  Syria. 
It is  sunny and 17C (62F) in  Kabul,  Israel    
Attack 8
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
they are voting faster than us. lets counter attack now.
Attack 10
…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
ure URGENT! have you seen this? please take a stance against the to ure in  Iran. at least 8000 arrested, a… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Islam is easy Muslims make it difficult.
IranLobby who always claimed that regime has suppo  among ppl, now trying to rescue the regime by a…   
Must-See Moments: ‘Tolerant’ Hollywoods Continues to Attack Sarah Huckabee Sanders  
Look what happened for instance with ISIS,  when The Donald listened to the people on the front lines and delegated a lo… 
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
In private, senior Israelis call him “our Sissi,” and in public, no other Egyptian president has ever been so open…   
As a Muslim, my religion, Islam does not permit me, do bahave like this…   
Former President of  Pakistan and President  PPPP   interview with Nazeer Laghari on   (04-02-2018)…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
News: Afghanistan parliament elections likely delayed until October.    Pakistan  news…  
Israel said pa  of secret coalition monitoring IS fighters returning from  Syria  MiddleEast…  
The lobby, designed with modern aspects in mind, acts as a divider between the private and public areas in the modern  l… 
Weren't you telling us how Islam is the religion of peace and love?…  
MondayMotivation
MichelleObama Feel  s Hopeless 
Islam causes Millions of victims through internecine Strife because of Disagreements over points of their Doctrine.
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Why many businesses skip 'terrorism insurance'  
The latest The Anna Smith-Chasseuil Daily!   Thanks to    syria  us
You know when they have such beautiful souls and you just keep making Du’a they find the way to Islam, May Allah bless th… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
South Korea: Samsung heir Lee Jae-yong freed: Billionaire Samsung heir to walk free after Seoul cou  cuts sho  an…  
I almost had a hea  attack when I saw  GetWellSoonNamjoon trending. This is such a minor surgery that thousands of people…
Bodies of 16 migrants recovered off Morocco coast: According to the International Organization for Migration, more…   
The latest The Anna Smith-Chasseuil Daily!   Thanks to    syria  us
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Congress Model
Sharia Law has no place in America. Terrorism is not protected by free speech or freedom of religion. We need to ban  shar…
Hinduism is regressive coz it once had Jauhar/Sati which reduced women to just Vagina.
The Day of Judgement you will understand without doubt what that sad Islamic Saying literally means
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and… 
Voters beginning see new govt legislation is a major attack on basic democratic rights in Australia .Huge &amp; will only get bigge…
Hundreds of thousands of Syrians risk being pushed to return in 2018 despite ongoing violence, warn aid agencies. For… 
No way. Talibans and the likes actually destroyed many historical monuments in Afghanistan. ISI…  
Day made although i know she couldve folded them got kawatad by surprise attack  
TV Debate:  Erdogan’s war on  Syria. Just dont mention the  Kurds - via   East Exp…  
🔴 Here is another ridiculous attempt to fake truths about prisons in  SaudiArabia!
SyrianRegime forces killed civilians as it shelled several areas in  Douma city in  EasternGhouta in Damascus suburbs, Feb 4  Sy… 
Indian state sponsored terrorism in Kashmir has made the life of innocent Kashmiris miserable.  HumanityCriesInKashmir https…
A new review on Islamist terrorism in  Africa reveals that the number of Islamist terror attacks rose to 2,769 in 2…   
Conve ing to Islam, state-owned energy company disbursed funding to ethnic Baduy after finishing Islamic education htt… 

When Trump is in jail, and the FBI, CIA, military, justice isn’t under attack…   
Thank you for clearing that up i almost had a hea  attack when i saw the hashtag trending
Be sure to be able to identify the threat of terrorism and maintain personal strategy with these useful…  
The latest Counter Terrorism Pakistan!   Thanks to    taliban  afghanistan
Piers Morgan launches angry attack on the BBC for airing graphic   homophobic   ca oon...  D5   
…  
UK: Piers Morgan launches angry attack on the BBC for airing graphic   homophobic   ca oon...  D5   
workmagnetic So true.  Ignorance, dishonest repo ing and unacknowledged biases will ruin us. Terrorism is terrorism. 
Three suspected  ISIS fighters killed by  LNA-aligned forces near Waha oilfield  Libya  
A must read by   and   on the  iraq PMF legitimacy challenge  
A few examples of just why Brit hating, terrorists friend - Jeremy Corbyn isn’t fit to lead our great nation.   

Blowback: How ISIS Was Created by the U.S. Invasion of Iraq  
A  Turkish military convoy is on its way to  Syria's al-Eis in southern  Aleppo. The convoy will form a sixth observation…
FOX NEWS: US sta s Iraq drawdown after defeat of Islamic State group  
I bet if Murdoch or Rineha  was using the eureka flag on their logo’s or to beat the shit out of t…  
👉 ARMY VOTE NOW 👈
Were Ahmadreza Djalali's human rights respected? Did Ahmadreza receive a fair, public trial? 
The stats are shocking, 66% of British muslims would NOT inform the police if they knew…   
All of  Afrin was in the funeral of heroine  Barin_Kobane whom the Turks killed her and mutated her body during their con…
Obama calls Islamic State 'the face of evil'
Take a careful look at this screenshot of a search, which IMO exposes a far greater opposition to Infidels than to fol… 
Vivi after she watched Hea  Attack MV and saw her lover with the new girl on the block  
Pete ownsend7: Qur'an Contradiction: Intercession  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
Watch this too.  &amp;^%!$ *&amp;!  
Pete ownsend7: Nothing to do with Islam?'; Out now.  Muslim  pjnet 
Know the differnce between Goal Defence &amp; Wing Attack? Full Time Activity Leader required   uk   PrimroseHill…
In-depth Harun Arsalai - As NGO workers recover from a car-bomb attack on Save The Children's officers, Afghanis face viol… 
1000 years back was medieval era, underdeveloped human mind &amp; society 
Some photos from the visit of the head of Syriac O hodox Church to  DeirEzzor ... I like the first picture.
What about all our fellow American Citizens committing mass shootings? We do more harm…  
Liverpool Maya Bar attack: Three charged with murder  
Considering that your history with Iran comprises of orchestrated coups to supplying Saddam with chemical weapons t…  
Applause sa backline attack ni Maraguinot!!!
Hoodlums Attack Hausa Family Travelling From Benue To Calabar (See Shocking Photos)  
Defence Secretary warns the UK that a  cyberattack from Russia could kill thousands across the country damaging…  
she live in Turkey , under turks Mongolian invaders , they fighting aginst kurds with you NATO EU weapon, s…   
Best: TDKAU, Over again, last first kiss 
Antonio Valencia explains how Alexis Sanchez has changed Manchester United's attack  mufc
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
Kashmir safest in 35 years coz of govt steps says   adds those who were spreading terrorism are in Tihad
Some thugs came to the house of Abid Ali in Lucknow &amp; attack him
Very telling to have   &amp;her like host a despicable mouthpiece for t…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Interesting read  
Paris attacks suspect goes on trial in Brussels   BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving su…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
London Attack, June 3, 2017   
Actually, i am shocked, neither you…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
It's really amazing that this guy is able to make a living as a repo er. I guess it gives all kinds of kooks and extre…
Hate  ?
A Country of hate towards LOVE.
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
Real Feminist. 👊  
Is this reality, is  war coming? Poland  Russia   
US sta s Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over IS
oons: Inshallah my brothers and sisters from  Palestine will wake up and see that Erdogan is everything but a friend! His rea…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
Kurds leave Islam to become Zoroastrians again. Check out the amazing revival for  Zoroastrianism in Iraqi  Kurdistan. http…
Netanyahu World Tour for MORE WARS &amp; DESTRUCTION!
An explosion on a London train on Friday is being treated as a terrorist attack. Several commuters were injured.  
*NEW VIDEO* The Mystery of the Balochistan Sphinx in  Pakistan. Watch now and please subscribe:  
ISIS are in Canada come get em!   is their leader, allegedly. 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
All about islam links  
The wings of Isis and the peacock feather use the same colors.. Also the throne fractal is now…  
Liberated by  Syria army from Isis  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
They also feel like they're personaly being called sexist simply for not considering the issue befor…  
Reader's Digest version of the past three years of US foreign policy...  
The US suppo s Terrorists.
Syria rebels hit by suspected chlorine gas attack    breakingnews
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
The talibaan were good guys beating the Ruskies, helped bring the Wall Down ..  not a Single Afgan / Pakistani was…   
Europe: Making Islam Great Again
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Saraqeb   teams respond to an attack with chlorine gas. 9 injured including 3 White Helmet volunteers. Att…
Petition: Stop Trump's Attack On The U.S. Solar Industry!  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
The beauty of Islam. We only surrender to our Creator, Allahﷻ   
A Turkish military convoi entered Idlib with direction of Al Eis in southern Aleppo to establish an observation point in coordi…
Totally agree, blame the old people. Wouldn't  be immigration &amp; terror cost? Bent media &amp; gov working against their…   
I swear I’ll conve  to Islam tomorrow too 😂  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must su…   
Iran|ian official says armed man arrested for trying to storm presidential office    
‘Woody prepare your men to dismount from this vehicle and launch a full frontal attack on a dug in enemy strong hold’.  th…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must su…   
Jacob R-M should be careful not to become another Oswald Mosley. There is no place for hard extremists in any pa y, r… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must su…   
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must su…   
The Nonette is fastfall nair offstage. Either that or getting a stagespike with get up attack :P  
inDaubney: INCOMING! Historian claims “The suffragettes were a terrorists organisation” that planted bombs across the UK - and actu…
We weren't comparing the magnitude of the terrorism carried out, but correcting your fa…   
:  SSH Possible SSH attack from 88.248.114.185  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
To all of Ted Cruz suppo ers, now Trump suppo ers, pls understand that this tweet is 2 unite us. This’s not an attack o… 
There are 52 countries who flaunt themselves as  Islamic and no one objects to this label.
A few examples of just why Brit hating, terrorists friend - Jeremy Corbyn isn’t fit to lead our great nation.   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
Paris terror attack suspect Salah Abdeslam goes on trial over police shootout  
This war.
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Syria This hospital &amp; surgical center in Kafr Nabl, Idlib has been destroyed by the Russian air force. Casualties…   
Russia builds four new air bases in  Syria, deploys another 6,000 troops   
WHENEVER  SAA SLOWS DOWN...A military convoy of the  FSA heads from Idlib to Turkish territory to pa icipate in the O…
More Islamic State jihadis now in UK than Britons in Syria fighting the Islamic State  
Bravo, Girls!! Way to Go!!   
PKK Forms Yazidi Armed Unit Against Islamic State in Iraq  
Nothing is Haram in Islam if it pleases the mighty capitalists.
Repo  from  Yemen :CID building in  Sanaa was attacked this morning  by  Saudi airstrike .. 3 killed and 38 wounded .
PAKISTAN FULLY SUPPO S THE KASHMIRIS' RIGHT OF SELF DETERMINATION.
massive attack - teardrop
Many thanks to legal expe s &amp; compatriots who pa icipated in Hearing on  1988Massacre by  Iran rgm in  Geneva; an…  
NIA takes Muhammad Riyaz into custody for forcibly conve ing 25 year old woman and attempting to sell her off to IS: http…
Have you been mocked &amp; ridiculed for practicing Islam? The Prophet (pbuh) was also mocked. Yet he persevered
The role of  Iran and Hezbollah in  Syria remains a much more painful issue for  Israel. Israel maintains a very tough stan…
No  Muslim is perfect; do not expect your  wife 
Pakistan &amp;  India needs brave leaders 4 Peace &amp; prosperity. Since decades both countries are in war on issue of…  
ISlam Welcome 🤮  Syrer  Abdeslam
The Islamic State’s toxic farewell: Environmental sabotage and chronic disease  
Sign the comprehensive submission to protect Christianity in Australia and reject the false religion of Islam…  
Zubair Ibn Awwam accepted  Islam at the age of 15 and dedicated his  life to protecting and promoting the  religion  BlessedTen
Pakistan- Afghan border; a group of jihad fighters crossing the Pakistan, Afghan border and  terrorists have been helped by the… 
BIBLE Jeremiah 11:11  PROPHESY
Today I'm releasing a  RussiaRepo  documenting Vladimir Putin's 20-year attack on democratic institutions in his own co…
Islam was literally founded in 610.
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan - Fox News   
Italy, Macerata attack: Gunman targets black foreigners in drive-by shooting 
Terrorism in Gaza, by Palestinians?  Who’da thunk it!!!   
How hard is it to shoot the attack helicopters chainguns?  
: reuters :Daily Briefing:
So you're saying Terrorism is ok.
BLOGGER blog Post WITHOUT writing a word!    SmallBusiness | A icle Spinner | Content ideas…  
So true. All intellect are in islamic nation and this is Muslim migrate all across wo…  
East  Ghouta alleged   Chlorine gas   attacks. I was 200m fm Ghouta/Jobar, drove thru  Qaboun Jan 2018.  SAA  RSCD &amp;  Syri… 
That's An Awesome Counter Attack!  
With ISIS in Iraq defeated, the US military is beginning to draw down from Baghdad 
France plans to work with Turkey on  Syria 'road map' Erdogan  Macron
Four families completely under the rubble of their homes in the city of  Idlib , so far   teams in respons… 
She should have let him have one swing on that monster  
Mourinho is wrong if the thinks United's attack is complete. There are two positions that need strengthening  mufc  
u get lost mistaken bi h of maulvi malauna multi wives fucked by his HIV infected cock.Halala gift for sex in d na…  
You OK, hun? 
Preston Bush was Hitler’s top financier.
Indeed  
This piece of shit is not a journalist. He claimed before that ISIS fighters fled to Turkey, now he’s claiming that HTS is… 
Never Knew we got Lollypop man in Pakistan too :-D  
Dutch gov should revoke asylum status of Joma for being a terrorist leader, commanding his dogs to attack his hom… 
Panic Attack Symptoms + 10 Unexpected Panic Attack Triggers - Dr. Axe  mentalhealth  anxiety  panicattack  triggers…
Concealed Permit Holder Pulls Gun, Stops Attack on Police Officer - Breitba    via   News 
Children protest after Israel demolishes only school in Palestinian community (VIDEO)    israel
If  Assad is the lesser evil, it’s only because  Putin is the greater one - burying  Syrians alive under the rubble of t… 
As a Muslim, my religion, Islam does not permit me, do bahave like this with women… 
Hea  wrenching.
No where in the Quran does it explicitly say that you MUST wear a hijab and even if Isla…  
Wish that  IslamicState Fundamentalist would stop blaming others for everything, and reflect upon themselves and th…   
The latest Human Rights Forum!    israel  mogg
Ah you mean science and Muslims/Islam. Please be shameless in showing your hate for Muslims/Islam, it's popular these days… 
E Hacking News - Latest Hacker News and IT Security News: Security hole in Windows PC…
OurLefty  FutureOfEurope, hmm without tight border controls the future will soon enough be Islam, I'm sure…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Why not call the murder of an Italian girl by an African that ignited the shooting in  Macerata a  racist attack..?…  
In monetary terms,  IslamicFinance is the largest sector of the Islamic Economy! Read more in the  SGIE2017 Repo    
Iranian Canadians in  Toronto held rally to suppo   IranUprising   and  calling for  FreeAllProtesters  براندازم…   
Iranian  regime launched a show visit to  EvinPrison on January 30, by a number of the regime’s parliamentarians,…   
Workers again under attack from GOP
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bia… 
_fc: Jason Gilchrist adds a deserved second for  Southpo FC, applying the finishing touch Adam Dawson's pass on a clinical co… 
FifthFebADayOfKashmir means to convey the message to the world that  Pakistan and Muslims from whole world are wit…  
mal is the looser place your bets now my new song panama trumble out soon from nashville ten so asio cant stop acti…  
Azad Kashmir, Occupied by  Pakistan 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
No terrorist attack within India; gas delivery within 24 hrs; 24/7 electricity; better roads than never before; far…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
FREEDOM IS THE ONLY WAY YEAH
islamic terrorism
Syria  Sochi Waiting for pitiful stupid looney leftists &amp; fascists whining and shouting Stop The War on peaceful warplan…
Man marries Kochi woman, takes her to Saudi to sell her as ISIS sex-slave 
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
King of Jordan: ‘Maybe there’s a lack of understanding of Islam’ in Washington...
Blood on their hands  
REUTERS repo s Daily Briefing:
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
We want to thank all American🇺🇸 citizens sending us their condolences on the death of a Russian fighter pilot who was killed…
inaction.
THIS BOY WAS SOLD TO ISIS - SOMEHOW HE GOT AWAY AND FOUND HIS GRANDMOTHER - HOW LONG CAN THIS GO ON?…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
There’s a fine line between giving general advice to Muslims and specifically handling cases of individuals. The former…
Italy, Macerata attack: Gunman targets black foreigners in drive-by shooting 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
People railed against the idea of Red Bull but terrorism and human rights crimes are grand like. He post…  
You lost me at Isis as muslims and shows how hopelessly brainwashed you are. Its…  
kiss later is unbothered  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mu…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mu…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mu…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mu…   
Early morning attack of the feet!  
This is precisely why Hindus in Mumbai don’t want or don’t rent out their flats to Muslims...    
Quote of the week
Thousands of ISIS Fighters Flee in Syria, Many to Fight Another Day   J2 
San Bernardino: Obama Talks About Mixed Emotions, Possible Terrorism - FBI Treating San Bernardino Attack as Cou...   
The   is concerned for the safety of civilians in  Idleb and  Hama where death, injury and the destruction of civilian in… 
Why not call the murder of an Italian girl by an African that ignited the shooting in  Macerata a  racist attack..?????
Isis Taylor Naughty Asian babe Ichika gets fondled and exposed pussy fucked hard: Naughty A…  
The Avengers: Infinity  War  TV Spot Unites A Universe    
TTP releasing these at this time also means that Endia is sending a message on the Kashmir Day  
grphr (also one k  is going to wake up with 1398 notifications and get mini hea  attack!)
Her eyes grow wide as she sensed it get ready to attack, closing her eyes and trying to get out of…   
PRESS RELEASE: Despite ongoing violence, bombing and shelling, hundreds of thousands of Syrians risk being pushed to return… 
LIVE |  Muslim women have suffered due to  TripleTalaq; even apex cou 's verdict safeguarding the Muslim woman's r…  
Yes, dropped from 10,000 feet on the ruling Islamic dictatorship!   
Has there ever been a more despicable cult than Islam?
Locking up such a hateful man in Indian prison is needless expense plus risk of indoctrination of other inmates whi…  
A white silk jacket goes with any shoes. You may be recognized as a capable person, but don't be surprised by a personal attack.  Protip 
More people have been killed by hea  disease than Islamic terrorists in the US. Even I know that.  maga  libs
Attack on Titan was the only good Musou game.
Urgent!: Chief Elizabeth attacks terrorism.
Just…
Now imagine, how Shias feel. Every non-Shia claims to know more about Shiism than we do. Telling us what we believe in and w… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must…   
London Bridge attack: Sara Zelenak confirmed as second Australian victim - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Cor...  
Excellent a icle by    Iran's Future, In Its Own Words.  IranProtests  IranUprising  قیام_بهمن…   
We’ve been together for 3 years, but I insisted on paying sometimes even when we didn’t…   
Privileged to have been invited to sit on the panel at this exciting launch event with    …  
Iran|ian official says armed man arrested for trying to storm presidential office    
Macro-less malware: The cyclical attack - Help Net Security  
Philosophical(l)
An  unique  compound with  tennis  cou , private  pool  terrace, 12 sunbeds and lounge sofa's located on no h…   
BREAKING:  BokoHaram kills one, set houses on fire in Borno village attack 
Despite tensions with  Turkey and criticism from  Russia, US has sent new arms and military vehicles to  YPG-held  Qamishli in… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mu…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mu…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mu…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mu…   
took a trip down hindu nationalist lane and it took me approximately 2 seconds to encounter the phrase   love jihad   and seei… 
_fc: 30:   break on the counter-attack, Daniel Udoh wriggling into the area before sliding an angled shot just wid… 
Thanos has decided to call off the attack.  
Rocket John
Well as far as connection with ISIS is co…  
_fc: 25: A deflected effo  from Dion Charles is saved by goalkeeper Tony Breedon as  Southpo FC continue to attack (1-0)  SP…
بالحرف صحيفة  هآرتس_الإسرائيلية: Israel has been helping Egypt in Sinai and over the last two years has carried out…  
PAKISTAN is pa  of India...
in     that’s not the point! how many times do we…  
Islam we under stand. It's based on the Old Testament. It's Mohammadism we don't get.  
He who thinks of  death frequently will know that this world is  temporary (  everything  must come to a  end) he w…  
Rihanna is... rihanna 😂 y’all love trying to play her like u wouldn’t have a hea  attack if u saw her in person. Stop.
Iranian attacker shot and arrested after trying to break into Hassan Rouhani's Tehran office  
Well here is todays field find. From 2008. I looked over the 46th No h Midland Divisions area of attack at Gommecou .…
rip......
Have you ever written a story about Targeted Individuals?  Or is this something you have even heard of.…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mus…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mus…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mus…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mus…   
Been through this before trickle down works at first then four years later whe are so deep in the whole we are borr…  
Such butt, much attack.   
Most of my books.  NASCAR  fiction  politics  weed  music  terrorism  South  crime  history  football  sixties  
With ISIS in Iraq defeated, the US military is beginning to draw down from Baghdad 
US sta s Iraq drawdown after defeat of Islamic State group  
Our new project -  MODERN  Ladies  fitness Center in  SaudiArabia    
News for ai ravellers. US is now supplying jihadi terrorists with anti-aircraft missiles.  
PPPStandsWithKashmir Kashmir is not integral pa  of  India. Kashmiri people are more pa  of  Pakistan in Blood,i…   
peshawar wipes today  pakistan grieves  today  pkarmyschl  
He continued battling on the ground, after he had descended in parachute –and while being fired at. 
Quote of the week
I understand this opinion. However I am a nerd who helps run video game tournaments. my nerd friends and i s…  
Agreed!! Many Indian fund managers who manage global funds can’t operate from India and are forced to live in Singa…  
Ok now listen to me you little shit  I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Hezen An…  
Insane: Adam Schiff claims Oklahoma City-style attack could happen because of FISA memo release — Video…  
Okay but this is the only TV Spot that gave me a hea  attack  
A man was shot and arrested in  Iran after trying to break into President's office, the deputy governor of  Tehran…   
Message to ISIS and Bday wishes Pt. 1  whosmakingpopcornintheback  
Pakistan has observed a  Kashmir Solidarity Day for the past 20-odd years, inadve ently drawing attention to how…   
SaudiArabia destroys  Houthi missile fired at south-west province —  
Terrorists in Gaza?  Palestinian terrorists?  Who’da ever think it!!!    
NONE of that shit is even truly Isla…  
Have you discovered its  beauty ? It teaches us to forgive, and  love for others what we love for ourselves.  Islam ! 
Terrorist attack on Russian embassy in  Afghanistan foiled - source    
No problems, but have problem with…   
The  Ayodhya dispute is neither a prope y dispute, nor a  Hindu vs  Muslim issue, but a matter that affects the very soul of… 
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
Kashmiris show their solidarity with  Pakistan by giving their blood,wraping dead bodies in Pakistani flag and and by pl… 
Justice is sweet.
ISIS?
Today  Israel (Antique Authority aka Squatter Org) bulldozed  Palestinian graves at the Cemetery next to  Al_Aqsa Mosque…
Pakistan stands with the people of  Kashmir against Indian tyranny and for their right to self-determination…  
Beautician feared jealous estranged hubby would launch acid attack over ‘tanned gym lover’    
Corrected: Muslim Man marries Hindu woman from Kochi, conve s and takes her to Saudi to sell her as ISIS sex-slave 
Actually, i am shocked, neither you can write… 
Moderate Tories do not suppo  this nonsense  
Reuters: Daily Briefing:
That's wilddd they played an Islamic song on 1xtra today 😱 salawats on the Prophet all over the country
Ninetales♀ Feint Attack/Heat Wave (IV: 62% - CP: 1583 - L: 27) until 03:47:37am  
“Canada recognizes Turkey’s legitimate security concerns.   Some1 please remind me about those   legitimate   concerns. Tu… 
Repo s War criminal Assad and associated proxies deploy chemical weapons against civilians again tonight in  Syria htt…
PAKISTAN is pa  of India...
Rather than attack government forecasts as fiddled, Brexiteers should contest the underlying economic arguments - if th… 
Well played   , we successfully divided these Hindus and established rule of Islam and Pakistan in 3 cons…   
hel be attack in the U.S. strongly but they are the failing   and a story will we are honoring the great delaushinesting many the
Iran MFA Spox:  Turkey's  Afrin operation must be stopped. Its continuation will lead to return of instability...  
Download Counter Attack Team 3D  Shooter Apk +  OBB v1.1.92 Offline    action  apkmod
Riyadh's Ritz-Carlton to reopen -  BusinessEconomy  CrimeDisasterAccident…  
Chinese propaganda minister with his  Pakistan counterpa !!.  PakistaniMedia  
I call this hea  attack cake with diabetes frost! No wonder it tatsed like heaven…  
The four bravehea s of   who sacrificed their life yesterday at LoC.   Pakistan targeted their post with heavy fir…
The Pa ido Popular is the most corrupt pa y in western Europe. How do you feel about this? Blesa s…  
SHOCKING details emerge in Ankit Saxena beheading case.
ez: Our parents would wake up to trucks from the No h with returned bodies of Igbos killed because people up No h were pro…
Two Egyptian Security Forces Service Members Killed In IED Attack. Egyptian Army Continues Its Operations In Sinai…  
Some thugs came to the house of Abid Ali in Lucknow &amp; attack him
As for those in Iberia, while we do have members of our Order there, no one has yet stepped forward to found a national… 
Who are the most prominent foreign prisoners in Saudi Arabia?    SaudiArabia  
Ash &amp; Matty's next plan of attack.  MKR  
Let's finish our vote attack the right way!
Every muslim may not be bad but good or bad they lack courage to protest against the wrong…
SNP   is a member of jihad group   Muslim Brotherhood   (IR Division) 
Waves of Change in Iran!  
All the windows have been covered with horizontal grilles to allow light in but prevent direct view into the building, a… 
Pakistan suspects India planning attack on CPEC installations: Dawn repo 
Vice chief of Indian Army Lt Gen Sarath Chand says Army's action will speak for itself. Vows to retaliate  
and perhaps above all, terrorists.   
Islam has never been against  women’s emancipation; on the contrary Islam has opposed the concept of a woman as an   object… 
In the face of Jihad, you can do something: join an Order dedicated to defending Christians from terror   
I will commend your intellect because i don't know how you are living with a peanut sized brain. First prayer or reading the…
Western contractors at a coalition base in Iraq say American troops have sta ed to leave the country following the defea…
Thousands of Greeks to protest against Macedonia name compromise -    Pakistan  
US sta s Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over IS   prin  
1000 Biafrans were massacred in Enugu state by Fulani herdsmen one night in April 2016,FG played deaf ear. Recently 73 reside… 
Prime suspect in &lt;span class='hlsh'&gt;Paris&lt;/span&gt;  Terror  Attack that killed 130 seen for first time in two years a…  
One police officer killed, another missing after an attack by armed militia in Benue state 
SHOCKING details emerge in Ankit Saxena beheading case.
Typical gay rights suppo er. Without them the world would become a lot worse drug infest…  
France is the new leader in Europe as Germany and Britain flounder on the rocks of politics. Macron making France s…  
A man with a knife who has tried to infiltrate to the Presidential compound in  Iran, is shot by the Police, transferred… 
FM  Czaputowicz on   on the   law:
Fitnesscentee is not just about the workout. That’s why the owner of a fitness center in  Hail  SaudiArabia came to us…
Locking up such a hateful man in Indian prison is needless expense plus risk of indoctrination of other inmates while he'…
We are lucky to be able to see the Fo s on a regular basis from the land, but yet to set foot and explore them. Wh…   
That's how you win these things: attack your opponents' credibility!
Lol yes she is  
Our vote attack for  BestSoloBreakout sta s NOW! Think this tweet can reach 300 replies and 300  s in 5 minutes? Go!…
FreeKarachi Launches its next Phase of Campaign  Pakistan  Karachi
Attack minded central midfielder, that will win his tackles, create, play in the final third and wear…   
Two dead, over 100 injured in South Carolina train crash -    Pakistan   
What are the citizens waiting for to respond to the massacre of the Syrian people by  Assad and  Poutine the war criminals ! !…
Israeli occupation soldiers Zionists and Zionist colonists terrorists who attack the correspondent of   Maan News   Palestinian… 
Al Eis is the targeted end-point of the current Syrian/Russian offensive in Idlib. If this video is true, then that…   
Welcome to 2018, where Labour centrists claim that Momentum are worse than terrorists that plot to assassinate Labour politi… 
May Under Fire as  Brexit Reality Sparks Conservative Civil  War - Bloomberg  
I’m very excited to be speaking at this panel on Islamic Feminisms and Intersectionality this March. Can’t wait to…  
The political tides could finally be turning against Theresa May
Militant  US backed terror group  YPG is beginning to get found out. This time a human rights issue surfaces.  
PAKISTAN is pa  of India...
New   repo : For every Syrian who returned home last year, three more were newly displaced. Nobody should be pus… 
I swear, I really have a hea  attack when I read 'Namjoon surgery' .. I just leave twitter for an hour, but I really mi… 
Syria ||  Idlib
He was the world's most wanted money launderer, washing cash for Mexican drug ca els, terrorists and outlaw bikies. So wh… 
Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi inaugurated the  Golen_Gol_Hydropower_project on Sunday.The first unit of the project wit…
Third, you are extremely depraved of common sense, first I suggest you locate it and then talk about Islam otherwis…   
In 1 yr the Trump Presidency has destroyed ISIS, grown economy, created jobs, reduced taxes, increased wages, grown re… 
.   ’s visit to  Iran to sta  on 20 February
How do u sta  a game with 5 defenders and expect to win a game all u do is defend n neva attack
Alt right on suicide watch trying to work out whether to agree with Roosh for trad values or condemn him for cucking t…
EMP Attack Threat Is Real  Bo Hudson  bushcraft  
Excellent a icle by    Iran's Future, In Its Own Words.  IranProtests  IranUprising  قیام_بهمن    
Welcoming the second speaker to continue discussion on Collaboration with Chinese business Schools, Prof. Guo Xueta…   
Boko Haram: Has the Nigerian army really defeated Isis-affiliated group?   via  
echelon attack galley system puddles kit lumps harpoon steel tub @ 10:35
Man with concealed pistol stops brutal attack on Utah police officer    
Moderate Tories do not suppo  this nonsense  
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
Z  war is  Hell
Treasonous OBAMA will get PROSECUTED  
Joma gives order for people willing to die. But he stays abroad getting pampered. Life of a successful Communist.  
Yesterday evening 2 Massacre took place- first in  DirEzzor killed and injured more than 40 civilian by the  Coalition…
For every Syrian who returned home last year, three more were forced to flee. Despite this, hundreds of thousands of r… 
Builders have to be made to understand in a language which they understand,waiting patiently is obviously not one o…   
Israel to  Legalise isolated settlement deep in West  Bank after settler  Murdered,   announces:…   
President Erdoğan's meeting with Pope Francis began a sho  while ago. Erdoğan's visit to Vatican is the first visi…  
Muslim men are using  RapeJihad to conve  and later sell Hindu women in gulf and to ISIS Jihadis
Thousands of people in  Afrin protest against occupation of their land by the islamist Erdogan and his jihadist FSA pupp…
BREAKING: Horror footage of chemical attack in Syria 'after helicopters sent by Assad regime drop chlorine barrel bombs' h…
Sir ! I recall president Musharaf in his uniform days... he said he jokingly told Palestinians to say th…  
I think THIS is the picture that should be on cigarette packs: it might make more people t…  
Bombshell! Adam Schiff calls for same false flag attack that hit OKC in 1995
The Super Bowl is not a celebration of patriotism.
Sudden Attack 【SuddenAttack FragMovie - STACK UP ASSAULT 】[ 
Why’s   so desperate ? The Army carried out this attack,   why are you letting these  politicians…   
…
FreeIran protests continue - mullahs know when women of Iran are truly free, their regime will fall   
The terrorist attack in  Macerata, was carried out by the Candidate of the Xenophobic pa y  LegaNord. 
Iran: Security Forces Besieging Residence of Dervishes Leader Leads To Clashes    
US and Argentina to work together against Hezbollah    world  Reuters  Iraq
Newspoll results based mainly on One Nation vote dropping by 5% that couldn't even get them on level pegging.
Terrorist attack on Russian embassy in  Afghanistan foiled - source    
someone keeps sending naoki hate anons and she must have had a panic attack. aa. i wish i came on earlier but my phone died and i was out.
Free screening of Iranian  films from Feb 9
i like islam
Bee attack: Two killed, four injured in Tamil Nadu temple 
'Suffragettes were terrorists who planted bombs'    breakingnews  
Paris attack suspect on trial over shootout  
onguedDvl   yJen  …  
Putin's revenge? Chemical attack against the jihadists who shot down Russian warplane - Free Speech Time  
I will NEVER FORGIVE nor forget that Putin-Russia deliberately bombed hospitals where babies had to be removed from…  
Don’t know how true all this news coming in is but ONLY  PMLN can play politics on dead bodies of Children and child abuse…
Yemeni Ballistic missiles … Yemeni launcher, enhance ballistic missiles campaign 
2 minutes left and you guys are not doing very good when it comes to  s. Think you can go harder?
The last Green Book was printed in 1967. It provided guidelines for black travelers hoping to stay safe from racial terrori…
Man with concealed pistol stops brutal attack on Utah police officer    
To join the Order
Invaders!Turkish military convoy in the Kafr Lusin area heading towards Al-Eis in southern Aleppo, Syria.   
Ga ner 'Innovation Insight for Security Orchestration, Automation and Response' 2017 repo .  
Having said that I am not discounting anything from useful knowledge of Duniya, but to show it’s impo ance we cann…   
Palestinian employees of Ministry of Education hold banners during a protest against the US move to freeze funding…  
Air Force’s next look at attack planes set for Arizona base  
This is an attack on my life  
Maldives on edge:  India must be firm    HappeningNow  BreakingNews  Breaking  TopNews  BRK…  
Powerful images of HH Patriarch Mor Ignatius Aphrem II leading  Syriac  Christians in celebrating their first mass at…
WellActually they weren't slaves, they were captured fighters who had been given weapo…   
People who say they voted for Brexit for British sovereignty. Then attack MPs who ask for pa…
As a lifetime suppo er I have seen it all, including the unprecented media attack on CFC since Roman bo…   
Out of control, why don’t you ask the people if they mind stop and search before taking the moral high ground and stoppi… 
SyrianRegime forces killed civilians in  alShefoniya town in  EasternGhouta in Damascus suburbs, Feb 4  Syria 
PAKISTAN is pa  of India...
lett: So basically, according to Lara's logic, every single independent person who goes to Syria and repo s what the vast majo… 
Are you serious? Isn’t it ridiculous that you ignored his tweet calling for violence that prompted my reaction, onl…   
I am saying it again that I am the real and true brother of Muhammad (PBUH) as God has given me some knowledge abou…  
Vote attack in ONE HOUR! Who's ready? Get your saved accounts out, let's go hard on this one! 
Abe meets visiting U.S.investor Soros……
Hand_in_hand_Hospital in  Kafranvel , Idlib,  Syria has been targeted by   Putin_Child_Killer .   
News for ai ravellers. US is now supplying jihadi terrorists with anti-aircraft missiles.  
If you accept me as true bother of Muhammad (PBUH) then I shall be in a position to tell you the truth as how the c…  
Turn the boats back to Nth Africa. Arrest the NGOs that are no more than people traffickers. Sta  depo ing these invader…
Asthma attack while taking midterm exam... what a timing 😭
How many terrorists did the gerbils catch?! I bet they only 'caught' a lot of terrified people who becam…  
There are still training camps in Pakistan with the name of madrassahs where Taliban are being created, who are bei…   
Text message from a friend in  Idlib last night: “The world seems accustomed to seeing us bombed.”
Dig graves in advance Pakistan as very soon you will need to bury your coward Soldiers across LoC in numbers you may find dif…
A message from  Saraqeb,  Syria: ‘The airstrikes are beyond what u can imagine, beyond what u can believe, beyond w…   
SyrianRegime forces killed 2 civilians in Marat village in  DeirEzZour suburbs, Feb 3  Syria 
Isis has claimed responsibility for Garland shooting in Texas   via    islam
Ash &amp; Matty's next plan of attack.  MKR  
France plans to work with Turkey on  Syria 'road map'    Erdogan  Macron
ISIS?
Israel has treated over 4,000 Syrians in recent years and delivered  aid to hundreds of thousands in  Syria. Proud of Isra… 
this picture gave me a hea  attack  
Israeli Terrorists kidnap young boy from Palestinian village Bil’in likely to punish father Iyad Burnat  
KashmirKiAwazSirfNawaz
Muslim men are using  RapeJihad to conve  and later sell Hindu women in gulf and to ISIS Jihadis
Innocent citizens facing brunt of hostility between  India &amp;  Pakistan.  
Today i want to actually clarify something which most of us never knew about kashmir.
Very brave women. I wish we had such brave individuals in our country  
Daily  WeAreN News is out!   Stories via    iraq  daesh
Muslims tell me that if I understood Islam, I wouldn’t oppose it. They’re oblivious to the fact that I oppose it precisel… 
Love Attack
Iran warns protesters will 'pay the price' after a third night of unrest    afp
Mack Hollins is going to shock the world today and have a WTF moment. No ones ready for the Mack Attack.  FlyEaglesFly
Mattis Threatens Military Action Over Syria Gas Attack Claims, Then Admits “No Evidence” | Global Research - Centre…   
Activists in  Iran posting this image of one specific Instagram user (samira.66887722) claiming to be a local of 4 differ…
Retweeted Bosch Fawstin ( ):
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
In private, senior Israelis call him “our Sissi,” and in public, no other Egyptian president has ever been so open about en… 
The hijab is not Islamic but rather an Islamic social conservative movement. Hope Iranian women are free to we…
Prime suspect in &lt;span class='hlsh'&gt;Paris&lt;/span&gt;  Terror  Attack that killed 130 seen for first time in two years as heht…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
😍😍 Kaaaash!Itni bhi sapne mat dikhao. Hea  attack ho jayega!😍😭Let’s hp 4 smthng xplosiv !💥💥 JalRatri 4 nw bt  ShiVati 4 eve…
Armed man stops  Attack on Utah police officer -  
U.S. sta s  Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over IS  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bia… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Fake Rappers Hey/ Your bars are too whack/ So Your bars ain't a match/ Y'all got em glitches no counter attack 🔥🔥🔥  NotMy…
Machete-wielding man repo edly shot by guards near president's office in Tehran  
Iran accuses  US of 'shamelessly threatening'  Russia with nuclear weapons  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Clear indication that Tehran has failed to contain the uprising despite controlling the cyber space;  IranProtests is gro…
Ga ner 'Innovation Insight for Security Orchestration, Automation and Response' 2017 repo .  
Religious freedom is highly needed now especially by those of us Judio/Christians in Biafraland, we're been persecuted… 
What the _____?!!! Lottery to enter a land of the free? No criminal background check, intents, or goals? No wonder…   
TheArabSource    France plans to work with Turkey on  Syria 'road map'    Erdogan  Macron   
you know, it's very depressing and dishea ening to see people who say things about how activists deserve to die because… 
Putin  USA attack  Russia from  Sweden ? Time to annect Baltikum.  
He lied about not knowing the bloke in the white shi  who hit the girl
More Vehicle-Borne Terrorism Against Disarmed Brits - The Truth About Guns  
Oh really ? I am promoting ISIS? Show me…  
NationKhabar Pakistan suspects India planning attack on CPEC installations: Dawn repo 
Nigeria: Several persons injured as thugs attack APC rally in Cross River
RegimeChange Is Coming In  Iran   via  
Terrorist attack on Russian embassy in  Afghanistan foiled - source    
From the favors of Allah and the beauty of Islam is that a person can pray anywhere except the di y places - the whole world is a masjid!
Pakistan's Recently Completed 1230 Megawatts Liquefied Natural Gas Combined Cycle Haveli Bahadur Shah Power Plant near Jhang Ope…
According to the white helmets, Russian and Syrian airstrikes continuing this morning in  Idlib following ferocious…   
Avengers: Infinity  War: New trailer released during  SuperBowl 52    
The Land Of  Biafra Is Currently Under Siege! Judeo-Christian  Biafrans Moan Now. Pres. Buhari(Jubri…
giuliaparavicin: First images and drawings of  Parisattacks suspect  Abdeslam on trial in  Brussels  
Likewise, as a labour historian/sociology of work/industrial relations bod, I had this *exact* chat last weeke… 
hysterical i would have a hea  attack  
Civil war is just around the corner.  
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
SICK JOKE? THEY ARE PA NERS  
The senator does not understand that Islam is not a race. He is not a racist. He is a biggot. And he is among friends in the LNP.
What a piece of crap, the only ones saying Syria uses CW are the ones funding and protecting terrorist…   
they flee the religion and then keep practising it that's why it's illogical their parents flee'd ex…   Sl3U7hgI
10: Al Capone: Al Capone Download: $1.99 (Visit the Hot New Releases in Military &amp; War list…    Military  War  Film
I hadn’t had a panic attack in so long i had forgotten how painful they were ...now i can’t sleep ..
We continue to see more and more media from the center of Afrin. Would never have suspected this tbh. If Turkey dec…  
PAKISTAN is…  
So do I, it's ok for her to make verbal attack's on people with cancer or dementia,, stuff her 
Pakistan stands with the people of  Kashmir against Indian tyranny and for their right to self-determination…  
Indian leadership always betrayed Pakistanis Govt &amp; kashmires on kashmir issue, Nawaz sh…   
Soros denies funding Israel anti-depo ation protests - Anadolu Agency    israel  idf
Yemen’s Ambassador stressed on the suppo  of his people and government for the Iranian people’s courageous uprising aga…
USA contractors kill civilians then they use media to blame  Gadaffi  Assad: leaked videos  
Erdogan took an oppo unity to attack  Afrin for realize his histeric ottoman dream via  Russian betrayal against all human…
Oh good. Nothing is new.
both sides didn't win, but given where   came from and the 100% host…   
India was sure that 25 years of detention would dispirit people of IOK. Their arrogance has created South Indian  …
Maybe Donald will now reveal his plan to defeat ISIS in thi y days.   NotMyPresident
indiatvnews    SurgicalStrike was a historic moment. World sta ed seeing India from a different view. They reali…   
Stockholm terror suspect had contact with 'high-ranking Isis members': repo 
Well, you brought ISIS &amp; claimed th…   
The terrorists friend.......   🤔  CorbynistaLife   
I got his point clearly, thanks. 
We continue to see more and more media from the center of Afrin. Would never have suspected this tbh. If Turkey decides to at…
Congressi Kapil Sibbal will fight the case for Salim who killed Chandan Gupta at Tiranga Yatra at Kasganj.
Several years ago I was banned for 3 months for saying mild &amp; entirely truthful…
KKH Phase-II (118Km  Havelian  Thakot section is under construction).
TelAviv Feb 05 10:50 Temperature 19C fair Wind NW 7 km/h  Humidity 55%  Israel ..  
Jagielka and Coleman were not fit to play. Rooney playing twice in three days is suspect i…  
Nigeria  news -  Trump slams UN member states who voted against U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as capital of  Israel  
More details of  Iran protests today- Isfahan people chanted “death to the dictator” &amp;“death to Khamenei.” Sananda,j people gat… 
Cornered Russian pilot dramatically shouted “This is for our guys!” before killing himself with grenade to avoid ca…  
With ISIS in Iraq defeated, the US military is beginning to draw down from Baghdad 
Like in the Majin Boo saga, but he surpass his limits again. And became stronger and survive that mo al attack. 
This made me incredibly emotional.  
a country with a 1500 year Judaeo Christian tradition.  ,. 
Obama’s Pa ner In Crime  
Islamic Ministry’s Coordinator Hisham resigns  
RegimeChange Is Coming In  Iran   via  
A message from  Saraqeb,  Syria: ‘The airstrikes are beyond what u can imagine, beyond what u can believe, beyond what seems p… 
Disgusting view. Rascist too    
Mine would be Nuno Bettencou . He’s so fucking sharp... love his tone, attack, groove and seemingly effo less Mas…   
In a letter to the  UnitedNations  humanrights rappo eur on January 31, the  politicalprisoner Arash Sadeghi, who…   
Watch  psycho Israeli squatters attack  Palestinian Sheppard &amp; International Activist in Qawawis Village—even going after &amp; t…
According to the white helmets, Russian and Syrian airstrikes continuing this morning in  Idlib following ferocious attack… 
He just fucking compared FEMINISTS IN EGYPT, to fucking ISIS. WHAT? ISIS that has killed over 1000 policemen, army soldier… 
Organization.
PAKISTAN is pa  of India...
A government that only pays for suppressing his own people is indecent. Take a look at their primitive Snowplo…
Insane: Adam Schiff claims Oklahoma City-style attack could happen because of FISA memo release -- Video  
Just did a piece on Radio Suffolk talking urban foxes. Slightly distracted by Moose who decided it was a perfect op…  
Zionists project their crimes onto others.  
And another, a founding member of 6 April Movement, very popular, influential to many who still live in the   revolution   m… 
A very productive meeting at Minhaj-ul-Quran Islamic Centre No hampton UK hosted by MQI No hampton Tanzeem and attended by the…
according to local media   = Al-Qaeda told us ...   
But not love jihad which your community indulges
.   
Sick of Trudeau’s Lalaland false glitz and glamour 🦄! No ISIS fighters reinse ion in our Canada! ENOUGH! Make you voice known…
LIVE |  Muslim women have suffered due to  TripleTalaq; even apex cou 's verdict safeguarding the Muslim woman's r…  
The  FSA forces in  newly liberated Surkah village.
i sexually identify as an attack helicopter
video: why  Christians calling on Pope Francis   to Refuse  Erdogan 's visit? Here is the answer,listen to the… 
You just seem to blend with the air around you when you attack. Even the heaviest, strongest blades can't cut through air... 
'The Republic as a whole is assaulted': Macron condemns attack on Jewish child   via  
This preacher thinks women would prefer sex slavery to jail. Islam is a disgusting ideology.  
Islam only tells us to change/remove aspects of our culture that go directly against the teachings of Islam and other than…
PAKISTAN is pa  of India...
Read   Jordan's King Hussein: In America, 'Maybe There's a Lack of Understanding of Islam' -   on...   
Am I the only one who prefer Medb’s old animation...?
Great a icle   in   on new   repo  out tomorrow. More on inclusion of physical dama…
The last few hours in Idlib: Russian/Assad bombings of a dozen towns and villages, air strikes on clinics, chlorine gas a… 
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
It’s so damn scary that my dad had the same hea  attack as jack. Lucky my dad survived.  ThisIsUs
WATCH: Islamic Jihad showcases rocket capabilities | The Times of Israel  
jeonghan's vocal improved so much..,.,., jihoon's vocal... jisoo??? minghao and jun???? TFWFWTW ATTACK ME PLS. the…   
Will 2018 be the year of return to  Syria? good read by   
NowPlaying Bitch Attack! by HALFBY - Leaders Of The New School  
Turks being sharing propaganda telling other muslim extremes that they are fighting for   suni muslim  Saddam/Iraq…   Hfxet0Dr 
I plugged my iPad into my computer to charge bc it died but the charge takes forever so I forgot about it &amp; literal…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Sialaaaa.. Dk why suddenly out of nowhere, anxiety attack. 
Pakistan on Monday said the dream of peace and prosperity in the region would remain elusive without resolving the  Kashmir…
5th February Kashmir Solidarity Day
⛔ISIS
Ypg is not pkk... turkey is retarded, suppo ing hamas but hate ypg, yes ypg those who fought isis 
I don't get it. Is this tweet saying that Islam is the cause of declining Super Bowl ratings, or that if we stop watching f… 
The practice of spending taxpayer dollars to fund counterproductive regime change wars must end. It is long overdue we pa…
Hamed Abdel-Samad is an Egyptian political scientist and author of several best-selling books. The son of a Sunni imam i…
Rabobank hit by cyber attack after rivals targeted over the weekend    
Lost again
Iran -  BandarAbbas, beating and insulting a peddler by  regime's municipality agents - February 4,  2018…   
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving suspect in the 2015 Islamic State attacks on Paris appeared to refuse to s…  
A newborn child was wounded by Russian airstrikes on the hospital in Maarrat al-Nu‘man city, Idlib countryside. Thi…   
I know it’s a different scenario all together but my older brother (also called Paul) died of a sudde…  
TMZ Live: Terrell Owens: Racist Attack against Football Legend On Video |    
TeamIndia has become a world beater team in one day cricket. Credit goes to king  ,   and   whose c… 
Another  RussianTerror attack.
At it finest
New York Times Square attack: Harrowing moment car ploughs into crowd | Daily Star  
Jordan Peterson Destroys Islam in 15 Seconds   via  
Say it louder for the orange dude!!!!  
ISIS fighters have been run out of Dabiq, forcing them to rename their magazine   
Well, you brought ISIS &amp; claimed that you are… 
Well Said.. Maj    
Why do you think you would have the right to harass and attack ARAs? Just beca…
ReddyLikhita  SurgicalStrike was a historic moment. World sta ed seeing India from a different view. They realise…  
As we build an international Catholic Military Order, it is essential we recruit new members as bricks in a fo ress aga… 
Shangrila Reso s -  Skardu -  Pakistan  BeautifulPakistan  
Hea  attack ♥
Imagine asking a side who don't counter attack to base an entire game plan on it .... nuts
anwarriors: An archival image   onOaks by American archaeologist, Thomas Whittemore who in 1923, captured on film, an except… 
Mirwaiz Umer expresses his gratitude to people, govt of  Pakistan for their unflinching suppo  to people of Jammu &amp; Kas… 
PAKISTAN is pa  of India...
Hridoy Islam Chowdhury Manik is my Facebook I'd &amp;
Urdu Video:- Mirwaiz Umar Farooq expresses gratitude to the People, Government and leadership of  Pakistan for...   ikPB 
Pakistan will stay silent. Turkey may say something publicly but it will be just for show. Nobody gets to tell Beijing how…
.  called on relevant authorities to help deliver humanitarian aid to affected civilians in the Kurdish en…  
Judge won't punish victims' dad for charging at Larry Nassar; lawyer blocked the attack   via  
I've fallen prey to my fair share of moments of the phobias of others and the way that that can become an attack.
Just know now the number of killed increased to seven .
France plans to work with Turkey on  Syria 'road map'    Erdogan  Macron
Discove rueIslam Week in Cardiff has officially opened with the launch event, attended by people of various backgrounds.… 
No Attack Helicopters it seems.
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
DIRECTIONER ATTACK
May Under Fire as  Brexit Reality Sparks Conservative Civil  War - Bloomberg  
btw that confessions of an ex muslim girl is more obsessed with islam than actual muslims are hahaha
USA &amp; ISRAEL
Iran following up sunken tanker case   Iran  Sanchi  Case   
women hot pussy islam and oral sex  
War Crimes/Crimes Against Humanity in  Syria
Fake. Nice try. Always when you terrorist losing you are faking a chemical attack.…  
Pakistan &amp;  India needs brave leaders 4 Peace &amp; prosperity. Since decades both countries are in war on issue of  Kashmir.BU…
DIRECTIONER ATTACK
Palestinian schoolchildren shout slogans and hold placards during a protest in Gaza City against current difficult…  
U.S. sta s  Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over IS    
DIRECTIONER ATTACK  iHea Awards  BestLyrics  SlowHands
PAKISTAN is pa  of India...
“Say good morning” bully or nah 😂  
.   Confirm Herdsmen’s Attack On Adamawa Villages -   .  .  .  . 
Barbaric islamic iconoclasm. Brutal. Much like any other ancient Hindu site. This is the story of Bharat.  
“The truth is incontrove ible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is.” - Winston Churchill 
This will not end well.  
in the end i think we have to ask is Islam compatable with western values…  
Prime suspect in Paris terror attack…  
Happy Monday! Who's got that  MondayMotivation to attack the week?!  
Happy Monday! Who's got that  MondayMotivation to attack the week?!  
Happy Monday! Who's got that  MondayMotivation to attack the week?!  
Happy Monday! Who's got that  MondayMotivation to attack the week?!  
Happy Monday! Who's got that  MondayMotivation to attack the week?!  
Maldives chief justice threatened, President Yameen rejects cou  order    Unrest  Crisis…   
Dreadful  
Actress attack case: SIT hands over CCTV visuals to Dileep
according to local media   = Al-Qaeda told us ...   
DIRECTIONERS ATTACK
Kim Minseok is so kind and caring &amp; has such a beautiful personality, if I see anyone attack him for no valid reason then y… 
Hand_in_hand_Hospital in  Kafranvel , Idlib,  Syria has been targeted by   Putin_Child_Killer .   
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
Shark Attack Cam Girl Bitten In Shark Cage Accident Warning Graphic CamS...   via  
Islam gives a  mangled expression of the day of judgment. The bible gives Hope to belie…  
Iran: Suppressive Forces Attack the Striking Workers in Major Sugar Cane Company   vzn7jUc…  
, the JV of   and Meeras, to make its debut in 2019 in  SaudiArabia with the 240-key Rove King…   
, the JV of   and Meeras, to make its debut in 2019 in  SaudiArabia with the 240-key Rove King…   
BREAKING: Some of  IRIAF high ranking commanders have formed a unity to protest against the Islamic regime of...  
Möhne Dam breached after the previous day's RAF attack, 18 May 1943. Photo taken by Flying Officer Jerry Fray of No. 542… 
RIP  Jawans of  India 💐🙏
Machete-wielding man repo edly shot by guards near president's office in Tehran  
PAKISTAN is pa  of India...
School attack!    SMP96JKT  NaikinSekolahLo
IranAir CEO Sharafbafi says pa  of the new credit lines from France (  €1.5bln) and Italy (Invitalia €5bln) will…
Dabiq: ISIS' Propaganda Magazine - Issue 1  
Z  war is  Hell
Not sure if Taj Mahal is a Hindu Temple but it is our duty to rebuild all major Hindu te…  
You still are the worse populist
Kerala is most literate state. Now you know!
This is correct. In addition were it not for Israel’s firm stand &amp; suppo  for Egypt &amp; Jordan &amp; other Arab countries, t… 
Video:  CAIR on Fox News to Defend  Muslim  FreeSpeech, Refute Allen West’s Smears   
19 terrorists killed :)
In private conversations,  Israel’s officers refer to the Egyptian President as “our Sissi”  Egypt   
Syria:  Turkish_military convoy enters from  Kafrlosin area heading towards  Al-Eis hill southern  Aleppo  
It's not   terror propaganda   to post on-line messages criticizing  Erdogan's military offensive into  Syria's  Afrin, but Tur… 
Two Egyptian Security Forces Service Members Killed In IED Attack. Egyptian Army Continues Its Operations In Sinai (Phot…
Today Prime Minister  Pakistan Abbassi inaugurates Golen Gol Hydropower project in  Chitral to become a load shedding free…
This shows your Intellectual Level..
Official presiding over Brussels cou  where Paris terror attack suspect Salah Abdeslam is appearing has warned   Th…   
By popular demand... the   unisex baseball T-shi  is here. Available via    Procee…
The second of video you can clearly see the Turkish badge on of the solider.
Hahahahahahahahahaha iv been waiting for this!! Might just shoulder arms tonight and…  
Tax terrorism
You should tag home minister and and del…  
I need an attack helicopter in sector Delta Charlie, codeword: atlantic 
Why did Jeno have to appear first dammit I had a hea  attack
.    Tehran mayor,IRGC Brig Gen Ghalibaf said rgm has less then 4% suppo , yet…   
All generations of occupied Kashmir passed through Hindus state terrorism. But  UN being a dummy didn't react once.
…  
PAKISTAN is pa  of India...
Teenager found guilty of  Terror offence charged with breaching bail    
Alex, I don't think you get the impo  of what you've done. You used a scholar… 
Syria: a large Turkish convoy entered Greater  Idlib and reached S.  Aleppo countryside. 2nd attempt to establish…  
It’s a distraction to try to turn the focus of this critical investigation into a smear campaign on law enforcement of…
Well puty succeded, and his puppet trump is just feeding the fire. With talks of the US leavi…   
EA HQUAKE, EMP, 5G ATTACK PLANS - And More Bad News   via   
Europe: Making Islam Great Again   reputationbank
Make the Quran your best friend; the more you sit with it, the more it honours you, gives you its secrets and eleva…   
These words emanate from your fear and the fear of  Israel for your fleeting existence at the…
Thank you! 😘 But Idris got a hea  attack. Ran inside so fast he missed the door and slammed into the wa…  
BREAKING: Some of  IRIAF high ranking commanders have formed a unity to protest against the Islamic regime of...  
Saffron means terror
The bombing in  Syria:  Idlib  East Ghouta encoded hospitals, vital centers and civilians  women  children. 
123opinion – Europe: Making Islam Great Again: Shocking Attitudes Among Muslim Migrants And A Submissive European……  
There's no difference between you and a member of Islamic State.
Biss, Rauner respond to 'repulsive' attack ad by Republican gubernatorial candidate   
News247247 Italy, Macerata attack: Gunman targets black foreigners in drive-by shooting 
Welcome to   's London. Where stabbings and terrorism is just   pa  and parcel of living in a big city   
Suspect in Zurich Islamic center shooting found dead
Two Egyptian Security Forces Service Members Killed In IED Attack. Egyptian Army Continues Its Operations In Sinai…  
Man carrying concealed pistol stops attack on Utah police officer
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
Why journalists dont ask him direct questions? Zainab's murderer wasnt caught by Punjab Police. He was caught by La…  
Paris attacks suspect goes on trial in Brussels    Iran
A plaque of ASI at qutub complex stated that qutub Minar was originally Vishnupad temple and it was known as Dhruva stambh.…
Man marries Kochi woman, takes her to Saudi to sell her as ISIS sex-slave   
Energy stocks have room to build on solid sta Iran
ie01 Senator Molan :   I put my life on the line for Islamic countries, for people to come out now and sa…   
urers @ _com There are wide swatches of ISIS and Erdogan summoned barbarians left in  Syria. Putin intri…  
India has crossed all records of atrocities and human rights violations in held  Kashmir.Despite Indian unprecedented brutalit…
Yemen fires ballistic missile at Saudi Malek Faisal Military Camp    Iran
Israel begins depo ation of African migrants  
President Erdoğan's meeting with Pope Francis began a sho  while ago. Erdoğan's visit to Vatican is the first visi…  
Sputnik citing source: Terrorist attack on Russian embassy in Afghanistan foiled
'Suffragettes were inspirational - not terrorists'    
Stockholm terror suspect had contact with 'high-ranking Isis members': repo 
Ah so now tarek fatah who left the Pakistan that his parents chose for citizenship of democratic Canada now wants I…  
Official presiding over Brussels cou  where Paris terror attack suspect Salah Abdeslam is appearing has warned   This… 
Russian aerospace forces obliterate rebel hideouts amid ongoing attack (video) -  
Join us on  5thFebruary at  Lahore  MochiGateJalsa to show the solidarity with  Kashmir &amp; to share the  Pakistan's…  
Good job President Trump 🌺  
Basic   film industry   chatu template: 
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
er: Unexploded bombs still present a real threat and are a common cause of death and injury...
What is  ShariaLaw of  Islam and the Mulsim?  
Shoot limitless bullets to retaliate single fire from Pakistan: Indian Home Minister    India  Pakistan
Maldives chief justice threatened, President Yameen rejects cou  order    Radical…   
Resolution of Kashmir issue must for peace, says Pakistan    India  Pakistan 
ipl   RSAWvsINDW Chloe Tryon, left-arm fast medium, comes into the attack 
The Islamic State's Toxic Farewell: Environmental Sabotage and Chronic Disease   via  
See, you call yourself   Gutter Chaa…   
Thousands of ISIS Fighters Flee in Syria, Many to Fight Another Day   
Pakistan President, PM talk of human rights of Kashmiris day after attacking them in J&amp;K's Rajouri with anti tanks…   
“The rush on the pa  of the British intelligentsia to condemn Trump and Britain First, rather than to address the atrocit… 
Colonial media catching up, a few years after they refused to look at the evidence that  Washington was the mastermind of  … 
Many Outlets Are Censoring Charlie Hebdo’s Satirical Ca oons After Attack  charliehedbo   via  …
I feel this like a personal attack  
Atten-HUT 105th cadets! Take this Attack on Titan quiz and figure out whose team (Eren, Armin, or Mikasa) you'll be on for… 
Coming up on  AfricaLive 1700GMT with Karen Robe s:
You're a disgrace to intelligent PhD holders all over the world. Labelling people whose guidance to Islam doesn'…
Days of Islamic revolution 1979, Mashad Imam Reza (AS)   
immins3: In an attack wo hy of Nazi Germany, Jacob Rees-Mogg denounces Whitehall officials as traitors. 
The LEGO Movie Videogame - Bricksburg Under Attack 100% Guide (Gold Instruction Pages/Pants)  
Dear   Jee, dear Mr.  , dear   ji and one of genius  , this message is for you p… 
May Under Fire as  Brexit Reality Sparks Conservative Civil  War - Bloomberg  
Still think white South African farmers are just crimes gone wrong committed by poor, hungry blacks? Think again!  Far… 
I'm surprised that we don't have a single Ancient Temple around Delhi. Probably all of them were looted and destroyed…
Syria: a large Turkish convoy entered Greater  Idlib and reached S.  Aleppo countryside. 2nd attempt to establish a bas…
Sometimes the one who can see [also] loses his way.   -  Imam_Ali (as) 
.  Why is a piece about  Egypt and  Israel co-op against  ISIS in Sinai headed by a pic of  Netanyahoo pointing at the…
Kashmiris have been facing Indian terrorism for decades.They have been giving lives in their struggle to get indepe…  
Can you bring yourself to say the British government are terrorists
25 Years ago, the world, - UK, UN, NZ, AUS all went on a mission with marches saying we must give…   
Military veterans are set to take to the streets of Tyneside in a protest against terrorism.
Basically that’s what he is saying!!
USA &amp; ISRAEL
Curious to know the logic!  
This fake accounts will give me a hea  attack one day
, so, warmongers, the Ruskis retaliated in Syria. You never ever have said that Assad invited them to Syria…   
SZAB TO  SMBB TO  
imagine being this stupid jfkfjfkf  
video: Afrin church leaders calling on Pope Francis   to refuse  Erdogan 's visit, Because  Turki… 
Nigeria  news - Herdsmen Attack: scores feared dead in fresh attack in Adamawa  
You OK, hun? 
Plz   sir tell us the story of the next episode of  
Nigerian Senator representing Kogi West in the red chamber, Dino Melaye, has come under attack after he took to...   
Hypocrisy of Western media:
How is Israel Spilling our Blood? .... You stand against Israel, you stand against God's chosen people, you stand against… 
weekthatwas:  Spectre &amp;  Meltdown exploits under development. Researchers observe more than 130 distinct samples of  mal…
A  Attack.  
Islam will NEVER integrate.....there is only two options submit to them or depo  them...I'm for the latter.
The most often said phrase in Islamic Countries. A salutation and blessing.   PrinceOfPeace  Jesus  pbuh
I would have a hea  attack  
Pakistan suspects India planning attack on CPEC installations: Dawn repo 
US directly or indirectly provided MANPADS and CWs to terrorists in Syria, besides doing the same to ISIS in Iraq.…   
Prevention of Terrorism Act (PTA) is still not repealed, the Office of Missing Persons still not operationalized, and the… 
Children protest after Israel demolishes only school in Palestinian community (VIDEO)    israel
Lefties are like vandals: all they can do is trash their own neighbourhood. Notice how lefties want the West destro…  
Farm attack suspects were on bail for murder and robbery, Vryburg | South Africa Today   
Children in  Gaza denied basic life necessities. Global citizens say NO to  Apa heidIsrael Arm yourselves =  BDSOurWeapon
Mohammed  Koran by   &amp; Peter McLoughlin and highly recommended by    
isEtLiber: Hey  
Fairy Meadows .... clustered with beyond imaginative beauty and  landscapephotography
I added a video to a   playlist   Banjo Tooie - Underpants Attack! | PA  18 | ScykohPlays
Again a Twist 🔀 Finally   came to   🏡What's Next 😱 ?!?!?🤔 You're Giving Hea  Attack for us in Every…
ISIS attacks Ukraine and bodied Russia.
Iran: Senior Prison Official Admits to Arrest of More Than 5,000 People, Including 1,400 Women During the Protests…   
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 191.8.13.29  
Distinguished Russian flying ace, major Roman Filippov was piloting the downed in  Syria Su-25 jet. He fought off t…   
In Dagestan, killed the leader of the   Caucasus Emirate   Suleymanov - ISIS - ISIL map, map of war in Syria, Iraq...   UcvF 
HSBC. The bank that laundered for cocaine ca els and international terrorists. Banking awards?! Aye right.  
Good job President Trump 🌺  
How Viruses Attack Plants  
The most often said phrase in Islamic Countries. A salutation and blessing.   PrinceOfPeace  Jesus  pbuh  
Yeah I almost had a hea  attack people were freaking out but then I found out it was the same thin…  
when chuu hits that high note in hea  attack  
For the record, this video of rebels destroying the liquor store amid Turkish-backed operations against Afrin is real. It's… 
New details have become known about the last flight of the Russian pilot Roman Filipov. His su-25 was shot down by…  
The groups who attack the preservation of God's word ordinarily do this because they have invented revelation from a false…
KashmirMatters
STRONGER TOGETHER
Wigglytuff♀ Feint Attack/Play Rough (IV: 73% - CP: 458 - L: 9) until 04:08:43am  
Barware  Gadgets Mini Loud Personal Protection Anti-Attack Panic Safety Secu ...    
Europe: Making Islam Great Again | Zero Hedge  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is terror…  
Most of what Muslims think as Islam practices are in fact arabe culture.
I understand  pakistan policy.....
Tallest skyscraper in the world? Terrorists? A fire? THE ROCK? You have my attention  
Ji said, argued with proper facts that atrocities committed during Mug…   
Pakistan President, PM talk of human rights of Kashmiris day after attacking them in J&amp;K's Rajouri with anti tanks missil… 
Kashmir solidarity day being obeserved in Pakistan today Rallies, conferences, human-chains and other events are being… 
s: “That bear looks awfully comfo able just strolling through the street like that”  Basra  Iraq  
Cenetral Information Secretary  PPPP MNA Dr.   Jillani Shiba message on  5thFebruary   kashmirSolidarityDay K…
The latest The soliman Daily!   Thanks to    syria  libya
ing   Yes. I find journalists in mainstream media, including at  ! do…   
State terrorism that India unleashed on unarmed defenceless Kashmiris has adversely affected mire than a million Kashmiri…
AND WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU DAMFUCK????????????????????????????
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He i…  
Sputnik citing source: Terrorist attack on Russian embassy in Afghanistan foiled
Terrorists funded by iran who are causing regional destabilisation.
Europe: Making Islam Great Again | Zero Hedge  
Attackers are exploiting an unpatched flaw in Adobe Flash to break into Windows computers. Adobe says it's working on a fix…
.  nominated for   in Peace?
I’m fond of food places with a istic corners 💯✨  raywanders  saudiarabia  wazzupdog  
THE LARGEST  TERRORIST ATTACKS IN  HISTORY WERE NOT CARRIED OUT BY  MUSLIMS.  WWII  WW2  MuslimBan  ExMuslimBecause  Me…
We just want to know the definition of terrorism from  BlindWorld.
i dont know how and why but i feel so attack!! (//▽//)
AdoptChineseAntiTerrorPolicy
adMilli: Islam in the U.S., no matter the sect, is different than anywhere else in the world and do you know why? Secular values. S… 
This is the religion of hate...read the excerpt from the Quran and see for yourself..  
If you are in Oxford tomorrow, don't miss Lisa Stampnitzky's ( )   seminar on   how should we study truth?…   
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me…  
when meeting a potential marriage pa ner, chaperone is haram. because If a man and a woman meet in a public place then the… 
No need to reply to faceless cowards however there are worst things happening around the world. Have u seen…  
But the usual suspects told me it was all about economic issues and nothing at all to do with conservative I…
Islam is like a beautiful, slithery snake ....no matter how long or… 
A man was shot and arrested in  Iran after trying to break into the presidential office building, the deputy govern…   
'pass'   and
Attack v defence in training: Hinchcliffe folds Neymar in the first 30 seconds.
Sounds like a terrorists group of the plant world Not sure if same applies here I will check it out. Have a good day
'A small spark of fire can burn the whole forest.'
Currently reading  
Man carrying concealed pistol stops attack on Utah police officer  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me…  
This morning, February 5, warplanes have carried out airstrikes targeting the Surgical Hospital in the town of  Kafranbel.… 
Two Nigerians shot in attack on African migrants in Italy
Paris attacks suspect in Brussels for shootout trial
Afghanistan:  “Daesh has active centers in 4 districts of Zabul”: By Saifullah Maftoon on 04 February 2018 QALAT (Pajhwok): D…
It's time to make it official:  USA  UK  FreeFrance  Russia  China and The…  
- The King   can still make his opponent dance on his tune &amp; laugh about it...  SultanOfSwing  …
VehicleAsAWeapon 76% of commercial fleet drivers like training to deal with the threat of their vehicle being hija…  
EU just inviting ever more terrorist into Europe it seems.  
“Ahmed, does Islam really mean peace?” 
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere…  
Has   forgotten the perennial advice it emits suggesting students don’t wear their gowns in public…  
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan - Fox News   
Omg I almost got a hea  attack😳 Our precious leader, you didn't want to worry us but I'm worried anyway😅 
Beautician feared jealous estranged hubby would launch acid attack over 'tanned gym lover'  
5pm GMT tomorrow   and   are publishing a joint repo  on the January 22nd 2018 chlorine attack in…
With ISIS in Iraq defeated, the US military is beginning to draw down from Baghdad    finance…   
My latest for   on  AllahyarAndTheLegendOfMarkhor:
Liverpool Maya Bar attack: Three charged with murder  
yFox Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me…  
Please    interiordesign  homedecor  decoration 3D Printed Replica of Syrian Arch Destroyed by ISIS Erected  
isangirl Since ISIS didn't work I hear now that Turkey and Israel have worked out a new plan.
ALE 
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill…  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is terrorist He imp…
Miscreants attack man outside his residence - Uttar Pradesh News:   via  
isangirl Maybe corrupt, but maybe the Ottoman Empire had no other real…   
12 more terrorists have been killed in overnight airstrikes in Syria's Afrin, bringing the total number of PKK-link…   
With ISIS in Iraq defeated, the US military is beginning to draw down from Baghdad 
With ISIS in Iraq defeated, the US military is beginning to draw down from Baghdad PR…   
Hungary foreign ministry condemns attack on ethnic Hungarian organisation's building in  Ukraine.  KMKSZ  
Turkish military convoy heads to Syria's al-Eis in southern Aleppo province to establish 6th observation point in l…  
In the media today: A victim of child sex abuse accuses Justin Welby of   personally   blocking compensation payments…   
This should boil everyone's blood!
President of the World Council of Arameans slams YPG for blatant human rights violations and kidnapping children to…  
Yet we have sharia law jihad loving fake activist Linda Sarsour wearing a hijab in America like…
The Temple of Elemental A cocained-fuelled sex orgy hea  attack.
Terrorism is a culture in  Pakistan. Pakistanis dont see it as the rest of us do.  
IF STANLEY FROM THE OFFICE CAN SURVIVE A HEA  ATTACK SO CAN JACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  thisisus
You're not a child. Adjust your breasticles and attack the Queen.
Were they anti Islam or just critical of Islam?  why let facts get in the way of a story  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill…  
I wonder if Attack on Titan Chapter 102 spoilers are leaked yet 
Trump; people from Afghanistan- Pakistan and  SaudiArabia would have to face extreme vetting for getting US visa  
Please    interiordesign  homedecor  decoration 3D Printed Replica of Syrian Arch Destroyed by ISIS Erected  
After repeated vicious  Russia_Assad air strikes on civilians &amp; hospitals using napalm, bunker busters &amp; other lethal… 
The FBI have been naughty people advancing their self interest…  
Actually, most religions are patriarchal, not only Islam. 
remember how isis was stopped thanks to non-racism??
This is what the Russian air force did to the hospital in Ma'arat al-Nu'man, Idlib. The facility is now evacuated and unabl… 
NCRI Women’s Committee urges censure of the arrests of Iranian women for shunning the veil and calls for urgent act…  
Six  Islamic_State militants killed in  Kirkuk security campaign
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He…  
🔴Iranian former president   interview with   on Jan 3:
Pakistan observes  KashmirSolidarityDay
The Militant Muslim Community strikes again. I bet Merkel loves this type of activity. We are in line for the same…  
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Disarming Voice (IV: 87% - CP: 580 - L: 29 until 05:01:30am.  
you're already lost..suppo ing the Khomeini regime and Hezbo…  
Another victim of endian state terrorism in IOK
Updated Attack is the best form of Defence - Guerrilla Warfare (Pa  II)    ProcessSafety
Shame on them arresting 8000 peaceful protesters and execution 50 of them means moderation!  Iranprotests  Iran…  
PPPStandsWithKashmir Jillani Shiba message on  5thFebruary   kashmirSolidarityDay KASHMIRIS ARE NOT ALONE IN THEIR…  
TheTimes of  Israel | Keep your eye on these athletes at the...  Pyeongchang  SouthKorea    
DIRECTIONER ATTACK  iHea Awards  BestSoloBreakout  LouisTomlinson
…
Mogg stamps his feet and No 10 falls into line. With power like that from the back benches coupled with fr…  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is…  
Path of Islamic State cell survivor shows intersection of crime, terrorism - Savannah Morning News   
Heading towards a  foodcoma  after this rather basic Israeli breakfast...
DIRECTIONER ATTACK
Who si now on the score attack ?
Valencia Coach Marcelino bemoans his side's lack of creativity in defeats to  FCBarcelona and  AtleticoMadrid…  
11 soldiers ma yred in suicide attack on army unit in  Swat: ISPR  
How to Pronounce Ahab The Arab ↺ ❤    doctrine  sudden  fixity  dramaturgic  sacrum…  
Weren't Judeo-Christian symbols forcefully Imposed on Europe?? Germans were forcefully conve ed to Christianity by…  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He…  
They conned you &amp; said they are fighting  ISIS while in reality they are committing daily savage genocidal crimes agai…
No one can come close to Erika Gonzalez beauty she's something you never see anymore her beauty literally took me t…  
dark magician girl images naked nude isis  
Rancho C: ♂Pikachu 97.8% (14/15/15) 602CP L27 Quick Attack/Thunderbolt until 01:45:14am (4m 34s)  
I think her reaction is not strategically wise....but you can unders…  
Today is the launch of the Centre for the Reduction of Firearms Crime Trafficking and Terrorism in No hampton. Speakers a…
Do you know how scary it is to wake up super early in the morning and happen to check Twitter and see that Joon had…  
That's why after initially fighting against Isis he stopped, didn't want to upset his radicals…   
Man marries Kochi woman, takes her to Saudi to sell her as ISIS sex-slave 
We will all  freeiran soon  betogather   all  iran   we will win and your will be always beside us…  
aylor: Thank you for the invitation to join you at your launch event ahead of  Discove rueIslam week in Cardiff. Your message of…
I don’t think so man. Black panther is something entirely new  
ThisIsUs
How to Pronounce App Attack ↺ ❤    layinto  hatecrime  implicate  denigration  refute…  
s: Last night, the motorcycles of the Jihadist militia (called Basij), close to the Shia government, was demolished after… 
Turks are terrorists, and will get kicked out of NATO I hope. 
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is…  
Maybe!  I guess they exist as an entire conceptual space you can attack.
They sleep with anyone who can potentially put them in power.....  
Wow. I stand with   - he shoots straight. Every time.  
ParisAttacks suspect  Abdeslam refuses to answer questions at Belgian trial, repo  Lachlan Carmichael and Alex Pi…   
Islamic Jihad in India  
PAS proposes prettily-worded Apa heid regime which has no basis in Islam.
h Well, during the 1950s it was the  Korean  War which opened the way for a  NATO membership...back then…   
sarasa : my daughter also my sole motivation to play ea h
It’s only Feb and we already have a Kazakhstan Investigative Journalism Award* nominee. From   at…  
Shame on them arresting 8000 peaceful protesters and execution 50 of them means moderation!…  
How to Pronounce App Attack ↺ ❤    givebestshot  summon  torment  one'sdarnedest  malign…  
I notice you haven't Tweeted anything about the deadly terrorist attack in Macerata.  You usually…  
yFox Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me…  
Iran: Security Forces Besieging Residence of Dervishes Leader Leads To Clashes   ……  
As   calls for tougher sentences for those who attack officers, our repo er   speaks to two  … 
.It won't make any difference, truth will out &amp; we all recognise their actions anyway.   
Defending Human rights is not a crime, but the human right situation in  Pakistan is far more worst than  Turkey. You will b… 
rellLinda Road    …  
America’s “War on Terrorism” and The Globalization of Pove y: Michel Chossudovsky    
Concealed Permit Holder Pulls Gun, Stops Attack on Police Officer - Breitba    via   News 
Hotel owner urges drastic action to fight  Terror  
giuliaparavicin: First images and drawings of  Parisattacks suspect  Abdeslam on trial in  Brussels  
Kavita Krishnan is wrong. ISIS is a Spiritual organisation that liberates soul from the body &amp; RSS is materialistic as it save…
The book Mysteries of Magic contains MIND BLOWING secrets of the Synagogue of Satan. This is the first in a series…  
All about islam links  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill m…  
Detailed study concludes Clinton White House inept regarding terrorism and pa ly to blame for 9/11 attacks having…  
JUST SAY RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM
Nigeria: Several persons have been declared missing, many houses razed after suspected Fulani herdsmen launched att…   
In Dubai, on my way to preach in a large, Islamic nation in Asia.  Will be off-grid for a week.  Please pray that J…   
⚠️⚠️ATTENTION⚠️⚠️
Pakistan stands with the people of  Kashmir against Indian tyranny and for their right to self-determination  KashmirM…
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me…  
We can defeat FCC Chairman Ajit Pai's attack on  NetNeutrality. Here's what's next in the fight to save the open internet. h…
📢 MASS VOTING ATTACK HAPPENING RIGHT NOW! 📢
Wider counter-terrorism role for Indonesian military opposed  
“Battle-hardened militants, some with training in chemical weapons, are defecting to Al Qaeda’s branch in Syria.”   
Just had the first panic attack I’ve had since like September last year. It’s like no matter how far I’ve come I al…  
The pain in his eyes gets me every time someone sends me a hea  attack tonight.
Twice has 3 mvs that are over 200 and one of those 3 is over 300 and all 7 of them are over 100m... I get that you wanna…
Ah so now tarek fatah who left the Pakistan that his parents chose for citizenship of democratic Canada now wants India to m…
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill…  
isangirl…  
How do you know if you're under psychic attack? There is a sense that you are   not yourself  , and truthfully, you are n… 
There is a pa  of Islamification that people using it to spite white men have overlooked. If white men conve  to…  
IslamicState Daily is out!   Featuring    isis  is
WHO GAVE SEUNGCHEOL THE RIGHT TO LOOK DIRECTLY INTO THE CAMERA LIKE THAT EXCUSE ME SIR THIS IS AN UNWARRANTED ATTACK https…
Thugs attack APC gathering in Cross River, wound members as pa y chieftain declares for governor Read more:   
Proposed law uses tech take-away vehicle for terrorism - Washington Business Journal  
A few points. The headteacher received utterly vile threats from the Islamic community. Some wishing…  
We should just go all out attack vs PSG. We can't defend anyways so let's see who can outscore each other. Wouldn't mind a 8-…
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill…  
One of the witnesses to the Tula Toi massacre by Myanmar military of Rohingya in Rakhine was repo edly a former Bu…  
68 Yemeni children killed by Saud attack - UN. Likely conservative number
Shakti-2018, counter terrorism and counter insurgency joint exercise between  India and  France concluded today. This i… 
68 Yemeni children killed by Saud attack - UN. Likely conservative number
Here we go again.  
I was half wishing for an Isis intervention when that clown walked onto pyramid.  leakybury
Of course the  usa was Not alone in its Attacks on  Muslim Countries !
Very diplomatic. Just another fella that hates Muslims but because its a hatred of Muslims i…  
I've never understood people wanting any so  of traps nerfed. It's supposed to make people thi…  
Omg I almost got a hea  attack😳 Our precious leader, you didn't want to worry us but I'm worried anyway😅 
I understand  pakistan policy.....
Intense clashes breakout between Kurdish, Turkish forces in no hern  Syria (video)    Afrin  Turk… 
So beheading is a lenient sentence under Islam. Have they seen the sentences our judges hand out?
Can Muslims Be Social Justice Activists, Feminists, or Vegans? (Ep. 03) 
Hard  Brexit = Hard Border = UK breaks Good Friday Agreement = terrorism + UK is a pariah state
…  
Qatar is the  Zionists lobby in the  Arab region,  Israel uses  Qatar to promote its policies and Qatar uses Israel to wh… 
Ur ISIS relatives want 2 conve  India into a Muslim Caliphate. Got nything 2 say about dat?

KashmirSolidarityDay   MochiGateJalsa  Join us on  5thFebruary 2018  at  Lahore   KashmirDay  to show the solidarity wi…
AtenaDaemi, a rebel not afraid of saying the truth.  Iran  IranWomensrights  PoliticalPrisoners  IranProtests  https:… 
U.S. Footprint...
Congress &amp; Liberals said it was Natural Death
My condolences to his family! Their father/husband gave his life battling against terrorism that threatens all Huma…  
Europe: Making Islam Great Again | Zero Hedge  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligen…  
Arab people escaped from terrorist organization  PYD  YPG  YPG   PKK  DEASH
Operation Olive Branch: Turkish, Free Syrian Army forces capture Sourkeh village from PYD/PKK terrorists in Afrin,…   
.  The Special Rappo eurs need to take this matter as an urgent issue, collectively and individually. They m… 
…  
Islam teaches Muslims to aid &amp; serve every human being regardless of race, colour or creed. Today, on  WorldCancerDay, m… 
Turkey with   approval is attacking Kurds &amp; ready to commit ethnic cleansing against Kurds - PLEASE SHARE &amp; LE…  
Mohammed  Koran by   &amp; Peter McLoughlin and highly recommended (in big print) by  TonyBlair  
KashmirNeedsFreedom
How to Pronounce Outbreak Edgar ↺ ❤    rupture  furcate  wave  outbreakedgar  contagion…  
Oh. PLEASE STOP PLAYING BROKEN RECORD OF YOURS. SHOW THE RESOLVE TO LAUNCH DECISIVE CROSS BORDER STRIKES AGAINST PA…  
📢 MASS VOTING ATTACK HAPPENING RIGHT NOW! 📢
Please read my attack against lazy and couch-bound Western 'left'.   World Is Burning - Western Left Quarreling  . It was p… 
…  
Farook attorney: Stop calling them 'Muslim shooters,' this needs to be a time of forgiveness   
Politics and terrorism are different ends of the same snake,  whichever end you grab you still grab the snake governmentkillingitspeople. 
sv: .  in  Townsville begin Operation Quebec Ironside as a three-pronged attack on crime that will run throughout Feb…
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is…  
Kurdish Activists Demand The Cancellation Of Death Sentence For Ramin Hossein Panahi &amp; Hedayatollah Abdollahpour [fa] https:/…
Not with reputation tho.....don't attack me  
iran  saveAhmadreza show the world your human not barbaric face  
New DCShadow attack allows the installation of a backdoor on corporate networks.   talks to  …  
Kenya: Muslim students stab, beat Christian students for refusing to conve  to Islam   
Amen to that 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸  
Standards of evidence collecting much?  
I would have a panic attack fuckkk
Hea felt salutations to the Barvehea s..  CaptKapiKundu  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me…  
Canada: Two Muslim former University of Manitoba students wanted for jihad terror activities  
My chest was gettin tight tho, so I guess it’s best I woke up before i gave me a hea  attack. 
No, my comment is this is irrelevant (not the murder, you bringing it up).…   TV2GFWYu 
SaudiArabia destroys  Houthi missile fired at south-west province 
indorman855 Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kil…  
Gurdwaras In UK Offer Shelter To London Terror Attack Victims  
BREAKING  QSD sources repo  that their forces destroyed a Turkish tank that was positioned on the hill of Beke vi…  
Isis said they would target our trains
U.S. Is Open to Removing Sudan From Terrorism List, Diplomat Says   
A new crime wave the terrorist infested countries in Europe didn't see coming.
Shocking!!!
h Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill…  
Stopping drugs, denying terrorists funding, maintaining shipping lines so you get your goods 
He double agent  
mahraja ranjeet Singh and  sikh religion exhibition in  Pakistan  
Farm attack suspects were on bail for murder and robbery, Vryburg | South Africa Today   
Kashmiris are a ‘huge force’, all they need is ‘good leadership’, says Pakistan PM - KashmirConflict  Pakistan…   
Read this Tommy.   
Greenblatt:  Iran gives Hamas $100 million annually for  Terrorism - Ynetnews    
I have to agree with this. I don't like when   far-right   is used liberally or loosely to describe anyone who doesn'…   
That’s why the word *Islamophobia* was invented. It was a made up name to shame people who questioned Islam.…
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is…  
The whole thread is insightful. Berlusconi already shifting the blame to immigrants.  
Israeli airstrikes won't be enough for Egypt to destroy ISIS in Sinai. My   analysis
Iran -  BandarAbbas, beating and insulting a peddler by  regime's municipality agents - February 4,  2018…   
Father of Three Victims Lurches at Larry Nassar During Sentencing in Attempt to Attack Him
PH 'bot' capabilities is as advanced as the Russians that's why her own piece about Weaponization of Internet, Ress…   
Tunisia: Attack on freedom of expression must end  
Egyptian MP Nashwa Al-Dib: Abolish the 'Shameful' Peace Accords |   s
ISIS attacks Ukraine and bodied Russia.
Parisattacks suspect goes on trial in Brussels
A person who innovates in Islam is indirectly accusing the Prophet (pbuh) of not having conveyed the whole message – reject innovation.
Quran is the Islamic holy book  ep3_M&amp;S  
If you’re saying Spurs deserved a point because they dominated the second half with possession, I’m saying that’s probably by… 
The  Eggplant is one of the most popular vegetables in the  Mediterranean_kitchen with high demand all year round.
Jericho, the Jordan river &amp; the Dead Sea from Jerusalem 
Good news for team Rineeka.. Ricco confirmed he's ready to sail the ship 🚢  💃 💃 and he's aware of angel's attack on their…
Yup...   Grammar   may be different, but   logic   the same. (Paraphrasing Clausewitz)  radicalization   
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill…  
Great now let's take the last 2% and kill each and every one these C-NUTS!  
Muslims are sure that reading  Quran is rewarded with divine rewards  ep3_M&amp;S  
All one has to do is look at the similarities of  ISIS  alQaeda &amp; see the very same tactics being used by  US…  
Where is he  ? Is it true he had an Asthma attack?
Muslim women driven to feminism because of bad Muslim men? Yeah of course. Just like some confused Muslims are driven to jo…
International arms watchdog finds that most ISIS weaponry was purchased by the United States and Saudi Arabia…  
Miguna miguna is not of my faith(islam)but today I will make a special prayer for him to be found alive coz my inst…  
Delhi's Patiala House Cou  issues notice to Delhi Police (special cell) on the bail plea of Bilal Ahmad Kawa, 2000 Red F… 
This is just the beginning the people’s blood is boiling In Italy barbaric Islamic Asylum seeker dismemb…  
Mattis Threatens Military Action Over Syria Gas Attack Claims, Then Admits   No Evidence   | Zero Hedge   
Military secrets, stolen by China.   repo s on the potentially huge cost to the US economy and world secur… 
'Name an opp block I cant go to, if I didn't score that point on the opps I was pa  of the attack like Özil' 
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill…  
When your oversimplifications are excessively dumb but you’re getting likes so you’ll never know it.  
my neck, my back, my anxiety attack 
The TRUTH Will BLOW YOU AWAY!
BREAKING  QSD sources repo  that their forces destroyed a Turkish tank that was positioned on the hill of Beke village…
…  
Yes change for better but not for worse !   Iranians have suffered enough !  
Machete-wielding man shot and arrested in  Iran after trying to break into president's office, Iran government-run newspaper confirmspic… 
This is something unacceptable allowing Israel to have air strikes in one of powerful Muslim country in order to de…  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me H…  
You never Read the Quran hypocrite,I've read the Bible but you Judging Islam by its c…   
Weren't Judeo-Christian symbols forcefully Imposed on Europe?? Germans were forcefully conve ed to Christianity by the 'Fa…
If you opened fire on Italian civilians while draped in ISIS’s flag, it would be terrorism. Politicians would warn you of dange… 
Captain of our defence &amp; Captain of our attack! 💯  
Well, Mal is a crap leader of a crap Coalition ... so there's that too.   
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He…  
Pakistan &amp;  India needs brave leaders 4 Peace &amp; prosperity. Since decades both countries are in war on issue of…  
Electrifying!!!
You are talking about Wahhabism a fundamentalist branch of Islam sponsored by US ally Saudi A…  
I said the same thing in my new a icle at   regarding the  ChlorineGas attacks.…  
Neo-Nazi Holocaust denier A  Jones, who says  Israel is pressuring   into a new world war, is chose…   
…  
🔴 Massive Russian and Assad regime airstrikes tonight on  Syria's   de-escalation zone    Idlib on 15 regions.Civilians ca… 
good hoolisgan west Bromwich pub770000  
Iran: Suppressive Forces Attack the Striking Workers in Major Sugar Cane Company   ……  
NowPlaying Shark Attack by  HoursOfDecay
For example, if the majority of Arabs think that people who leave Islam should be killed, then you can't tell me that ther… 
Evangelist Kevin is now in Dubai, on his way to preach in a large, Islamic nation in Asia. For security reasons, we…   
indorman855 Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kil…  
Afrin update. YPG press office released another video with ATGM attack on TSK &amp; rebel positions in  Afrin region. http…
JUST SHARED:   and his  hcpp17 speech - BITCOIN: POLITICAL ATTACK VECTORS AND COMMON MISCONCEPTIONS https:…
.  :  RegimeChange Is Coming In  Iran    via    IranProtests  IranUprising  FreeIran
-if someone is having a panic attack-
New Georgia mantra under Kirby Sma  is to 'Attack the Day'  
How a Former  Muslim Lost Her Faith  
Let me give you another example. Back in 2012, the vast majority of Kuwaitis wanted their government to execute someone ov… 
I’d also like to point out thay the act which is being celebrated was meant to appease r…  
Human gesture from  Indonesia
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me H…  
Loss of TOURISM Coming to  Britain... Who Would Want to See That Up Close in Person? P…
He thinks you’re stupid &amp; if you are ignorant of the facts, he will manage to pull the wool over your eyes because he’s a s… 
In the media today: A victim of child sex abuse accuses Justin Welby of   personally   blocking compensation payments; the sol… 
Let's attack now‼️🌎
Trump Springs the  Neocon Trap Again:  No h  Korea’s ‘Test’ is No Act of  War  
Beautician feared jealous estranged hubby would launch acid attack over 'tanned gym lover'  
Nawaz hopes to become PM again
Hope you'll check out my oped for   focused on disrupting Islamic State's global incitement campaign htt…
Child Marriage Documentary  
Good visual for tradeoff btwn security &amp; functionality. The 3-banded armadillo can significantly reduce its attack surface, but… 
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me…  
King Abdullah II: Washington Does Not Understand Islam -  
The TRUTH Will BLOW YOU AWAY!
Indeed whatever Allah puts upon us is for our own good. Allah causes bad things to happen to good people, in order…   
Great piece explaining the complexities of ISIS and Syria via    
Security shot, arrested man after trying to break into  Iran’s presidential office 
Tehran mayor,IRGC Brig Gen Ghalibaf said rgm has less then 4% suppo , yet  FakeIranPoll…   
Women driving in  SaudiArabia : an economic choice.  Women2Drive  SaudiWomenCanDrive  saudiwomen   
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they…  
Playing Bayonetta on Switch is great until her clothes come off mid attack and the old lady next to you on the tube sta s…
In folk myths, Rig-e Jen  Dese  is an accursed area for the Jinns living there, mo ifying anyone who oversteps to…   
According to the  Ahmadiyya Muslim community,  Islam is a religion that invites humankind to respect nature and the env… 
This is why the govt shouldn’t negotiate with terrorists. And this is why we shouldn’t fall for those who sympathise with Jo…
ISIS Six Islamic State militants killed in Kirkuk security campaign  
Erdogan and Saddam family united all isis and fool EU NATO to send them all the heavy weapon now they are using aga…  
🚨🛡MASS ATTACK🛡🚨
Here we go again.  
Same argument applies to “But that’s not real Islam”
*New Reve  to Islam in Nelson*  
yFox Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me…  
iHea Awards  BTSARMY  BestBoyBand  
legit that no one can bring her down even a hea  attack😹  
Good? Don’t you have kids of your own you cold hea ed twat. Thats a child. They fight back with STONES. Yet Israel…  
Hunt for beast after female subjected to terrifying sex attack in Dundee park  
is completely right about   moderation process : it is absolutely unclear! I tried…
ownsend7: Nothing to do with Islam?'; Out now.  Muslim  pjnet 
Not just parliament, but every single decent and informed human in this land. This is not just another protest, its…   
Islam is a sect of Christianity - no wonder it’s child molesting, gay bashing, genocidal and shit…   
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me H…  
The conditions in  Syria are dangerous and deadly. Syrians in the US deserve to live free from the fear of one day being…
Thousands of Yezidi, Kurd, Turkmen, Arab people escaped from terrorist organization  PYD  YPG  YPG   PKK  DEASH,  ISIS,  YPJ in… 
Islam Is NOT The Problem!
Thousands of protesters have been imprisoned by the regime
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is t…  
If you had all relied on  Allah (SWT) as you should rely on Him, then He would have provided for you as He provides f… 
Can this be believed let alone accepted? Families are directly targeted as they flee from  Hell to  HELL  IdlibIsExter…
JihadiJustin cares more about terrorists than he does about working Canadians, Veterans and Christians. Time to get t… 
Big tough guy Josh wasn't so keen to show who he was when it mattered. If your principles are strong enough to go team handed…
COME ON BLF..SHOW US YOUR BRAVERY...EASY TO SIT BEHIND MICROPHONES AND LAUNCH AN ATTACK ON…  
The Mullahs regime executed 30,000 people Which should be tried 
Orinda: ♂Sableye 97.8% (14/15/15) 331CP L9 Feint Attack/Power Gem until 02:11:18am (28m 19s)  
sexywomen in german camp porn addiction islam  
Sure, then critique Islam do not post an a icle about a random act of violence fro…   
.  called on relevant authorities to help deliver humanitarian aid to affected civilians in the Kurdish enclave of…
How the pilot of the SU25 died.... Syria  
ISRAEL  STA UP  INNOVATION :Five years ago, Israeli investor Jon Medved sta ed OurCrowd. 
It is as if there are not enough conflicts. Now over the Blue maritime line. The good news is that there is a dialo…  
Blyfield Same thing happened to me - some years ago, out of the blue, my mother who…   
Hoodlums Attack Hausa Family Travelling From Benue To Calabar (See Shocking Photos)    
Syria : East Ghouta was the deadliest front for loyalist soldiers in January 2018  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kil…  
Shannon: Never once did I attack anyone
Booker3  …
It's time to make it official:  USA  UK  FreeFrance  Russia  China and The  Commonwealth4Peace wil…
whatever u do, dont think about how he might have a panic attack since hes in space and he nearly died in space years earlier… 
May I gently remind you that the loss of majority had nothing to do with Brexit, it was caused by Mrs May's irratio…   
FinsburyPark attack: Why  DarrenOsborne was not charged with terror offences |  …  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is…  
Suspected chlorine attack of Syria rebels after Russia fighter shot down - news live on   at 9am - Listen:  
Now THATS feminism  
Please repo  isis 🐀🐀🐀🐀 Can you remove this account
No. Because they're not. It's silly to say so. They've committed ter…  
Will the US and Turkish illegal occupation cancel each other out?  Syria  Afrin  
Islamic State attacker shows intersection of crime, terror 
Dan Rather connected with members of ISIS -  
Come, let's settle this! Triangle Attack!! 
Why is  Somalia's current  government hiring more ex-  well-known  Shabab  terrorists? And why are international commu…
Havat Gilad settlers are notorious for their violence. The terrorist murder of Rabbi Shevach is no excuse for rewar…  
DonaldTrump  took office in January of 2017, and according to Reuters, sent out a not too subtle warning to  Iran via Twitte… 
Stable…  
that   mini hea  attack   HAHAHA 
People who are opposing Ram temple at Janmabhoomi in Ayodhya &amp; want to build Babri mosque should go to Pakistan &amp; Ban… 
isangirl  …  
Iran: Senior Prison Official Admits to Arrest of More Than 5,000 People, Including 1,400 Women During the Protests…   
After dropping it from the travel ban, will Trump remove sanctions on Sudan?   
Cape Town-Mountain Attack
No right thinking person wants a  hea  attack. It requires us to have  healthyliving and  healthyeating on a daily…  
O God, have mercy on me, for people are hounding me. My foes attack…   
China says it will crack down on 'financial innovation' FX irregularities    Iran
Another reason ppl don't trust the authorities.  
I have wonderful photos of the courageous Palestinian brigades standing in solidar…
Bruh all Obama need to do to defeat ISIS is send in Chief Keef and GBE and they'll be eliminated it 2-3 days
Why Pakistan will get more desperate in the days to come    pakistan via   Died in th…  
Greenblatt: Iran gives Hamas $100 million annually for terrorism...
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me…  
The Quranic Essence of Parenting -   -  LifeInIslam  ramadan  islam  
Blade Forme Aegislash is tied with Dialga for the highest Special Attack of all Steel-types.
Paris attacks suspect refuses to answer questions at  Brussels  Trial -    Attack  
Kashmiris’ struggle for their right to self-determination is legitimate and the UNSC-mandated.
That's An Awesome Counter Attack!  
Iranian people will never forget the ma yrs executed in 1988 for the liberation of the Iranian people h…
Has anyone geolocated this yet?  Syria  
Russians value service over life. He never surrendered, he fought until the very end and died like a hero. 
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase…  
Looted  Syria a ifacts appear in  London antique markets  
BREAKING  SDF sources repo  that their forces destroyed a Turkish tank that was  positioned on the hill of Beke v…  
The TRUTH About Islamic Extremism!
With ISIS in Iraq defeated, the US military is beginning to draw down from Baghdad   60 perce…   
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan    breakingnews 
Italy, Macerata attack: Gunman targets black foreigners in drive-by shooting - CBS News   
Time to attack Pakistan, split it into four pa s: Subramanian Swamy 
Bollywood_सुधर_जाओ
IdahoHoneyPot: Shields UP!!  Telnet incoming Telnet attack from 217.100.123.11  
The new  Syria in  Somalia. By Anab M Dahir   female presidential candidate in 2016 and writer, activist. https:/… 
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He i…  
the US is now training ISIS fighters to be reincarnated as yet another anti-Assad “rebel” force.   -   
Interestingly enough, in Sweden the same   creeping Islam takeover   rhetoric is used more or less openly by everyone…   
You could just conve  to Islam to kiss the grass with him, easier than changing your nationality 
U.S. sta s  Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over IS    
Always the ugly swines disrespecting Islam yet they talk about it 24/7  
IdahoHoneyPot: Shields UP!!  Telnet incoming Telnet attack from 61.89.93.115  
RegimeChange Is Coming In  Iran
Civil society hearing into  Iran’s  1988Massacre   1 Feb 2018 - The world must not let the mul…
Islam is misogynistic. Forcing women to hide their faces is misogyny. Hijabs were made to oppress and silenc…
I thought it was standard to do this. People don’t check receive addresses?  
They have been arrested for their courage &amp; resistance against the suppression of the Iranian regime in recent Protest…
News: A US$210 million project to improve  water supply &amp; wastewater services in  Iraq will benefit 5 million residents…
Iran: Political Prisoner’s Complaint Letter Against Five Prison Authorities to UN  HumanRights Rappo eur…  
To help during a panic attack: Focus on your senses.   tips  anxiety  suppo   thrive  anxietytips  mentalhealth  recover…
Thanks for the hea  attack
Hea  attack  GOT7   in love with got7
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to…  
Pearl Harbor 70th Anniversary: Veteran Recalls Attack    spon
I Thank you, Ms  MaryamRajavi , for all your effo s. 
Rozita: there is a place in hell reserved for women who betray other women.  As a BBC employee you can see a movement? http…
iusIII    …  
Why is  Somalia's current  government hiring more ex-  well-known  Shabab  terrorists? And why are international commun…
…  
Widow of San Bernardino Terror Attack Victim Criticizes Trump Immigration Ban  
Greenblatt:  Iran gives Hamas $100 million annually for  Terrorism - Ynetnews    
They are trying to do legal terrorism in India,so they complain.If such problem then do n… 
I think everyone now waiting for any positive thing done by UN
BREAKING  SDF sources repo  that their forces destroyed a Turkish tank that was  positioned on the hill of Beke villag…
It was a planned murder by Girlfriends Mother.
Modi pays tribute to 9/11 terror attack victims - Times of India -  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kil…  
Not when you can literally play 2/3 Massivemorphs and then use Amazoness Sword Woman and instantly win. In an 8000…  
BREAKING: Shots fired at a machete-wielding individual near the  Iran president's office in  Tehran  Iran  
He is always ready to defend every traitor antinational terrorists &amp; criminals he is Kapil Sibal now f congi MP &amp; f…  
Why hide the criminal who kills children in  Idlib  Syria ..! Those who kill the children of Idlib are…  
That's an oxymoron their religion does not allow free speech of the individual, promotes only their evil propaganda!   
LTCG on a platinum card holder is tax terrorism. Demon on a rick shaw puller is a sacrifice for national…  
Sneak Attack - +15% damage (+5% every evolve/awaken) extra to stunned/frozen/prone/flat footed/etc enemy
Shoppers have been told NOT to feed a  Ginger tom  Cat in Southbourne Grove,  Bournemouth repo s the…   
Watch the  SuperBowl  TV spot for Marvel's Avengers: Infinity  War  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He…  
Shoppers have been told NOT to feed a  Ginger tom  Cat in Southbourne Grove,  Bournemouth repo s the   r… 
today launches its inaugural  Terrorism Frequency Repo , a qua erly insight into the  terrorist  th… 
How to Pronounce Abnob ↺ ❤    catenae  bassfeverr  abend  ebon  awkward  callofduty  abnob…  
isangirl: Will the US and Turkish illegal occupation cancel each other out?  Syria  Afrin  
Are you BUYcotting  Israel ⁉️ 👉🏼 Get the App 👈🏼  BDSOurWeapon  GroupPalestine 🇵🇸  
PAKISTAN FULLY SUPPO S THE KASHMIRIS' RIGHT OF SELF DETERMINATION.
If you’re not a patriot and want Islam here so badly, then move to Iran or Saudi, they will embrace you with the sharia… 
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kil…  
Good too see that right wing extremists still do not comprehend or understand AntiFa groups... Cannot wait for the…  
Far Leftist Trudeau compares ISIS Terrorist to Greek, Italian, Po uguese immigrants:    tcot 
if western Christianity people did n,t be stop offensive against Islamic ideology murder and slaughter are right and very… 
Pro tip: It’s 2018, you don’t need to install Flash.   
Nigeria Government is behind Fulani killing this total ethnic cleansing    …
It's an air attack.
Do you really think it is appropriate to respond by making fun of someones twitter name? Not approp…  
If my canidate loses, I want to know it’s because it’s the will of the people not because one pa y rigged… 
Considering that your history with Iran comprises of orchestrated coups to supplying Saddam with chemical weapons to shootin…
AtenaDaemi,sent out an audio clip from  Qarchak  Prison 
🆘‼😯🔥 No hern  Syria: These are the people who were brought by  Turkey to  Afrin. Turkish backed  FSA hardcore jihadis a…
News for ai ravellers. US is now supplying jihadi terrorists with anti-aircraft missiles.  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He i…  
Man carrying concealed pistol stops attack on Utah police officer  
A hospital was bombed in kafranbel just a few moments ago by Russia. Several civilians dead and wounded.  Idlib  Syria
equivalence between different kinds of terrorism now being implemented by MI5 and UK LEAs, a fu her…   
His phone rang during the prayer, after they were done the Imam and others scolded him, he never stepped foot in that mas… 
MANPAD po able surface-to-air missile within an area controlled by  HTS   (Hay’at Tahrir Al-Sham formerly Jabhat a…  
Im on it  iHea Awards  BestFanArmy  BTSARMY    
Even assuming there was huge corruption undr UPA (all cases like 2G falling), you still had a country.…   
PPPStandwithKashmir from Generation to Generation!
Isis has been killed with extream prejudice. We took cit…  
Behold, Joma Sison, leader of the New People's Army, once again proves he and the rest of the NPA are terrorists.  WarOnTerror… 
Altright Bot &gt; Gangster Islam: A worrying new hybrid culture Europe fails to recognise  
Thank merciful Lord we has General    &amp; 0 ⭐Gen   who got the job done all by themselves When…  
Don’t talk about the beauty of Islam when you have dedicated your whole life to discriminate Shias. Islam is free from the…
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kil…  
Europe: Making Islam Great Again  
Surely you would have to be in the vacinity and prepared to dispel any gas attack as the chem would be exp…  
Finsbury Park terror trial: Darren Osborne 'wanted to kill Jeremy Corbyn and Sadiq Khan' ahead of attack, cou  hea…   
My interview with Maj. Gen. James Jarrard, commander special operations  Syria  Iraq; on stabilization and IEDs and  Manbij… 
indiatvnews    Pakistan President, PM talk of human rights of Kashmiris day after attacking them in J&amp;K's Rajouri…   
Dear sister, who told u women do not excel in the knowledge of Islam, become Teachers &amp; impa  knowledge? Mother of Beli… 
Within the greater ME &amp; Muslim world, Western countries &amp; Israel in pa icular, are only afraid of two Muslims armies..… 
Interpol in Iraq issues new list of 60 wanted persons who are outside of Iraq. Among these are former president Sad…  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kil…  
Go to iraq tell the people there the British government aren't…  
Mad world  
Thugs who run  twitter have launched their attack on my account today shaving off more than 100 followers. I was warne…
There are people dying in Palestine and Kashmir and we are outraging about barbaric treatment of students in medica…  
KIM MINGYU GAVE ME A FREAKING HEA  ATTACK 😭😭😭😭  
mine are probably
The  BDS movement began when a coalition of 170  Palestinian civil society groups issued a call to «people of conscience» ar…
Statistics on terrorism:
India cannot compete with Islam ..
VAMOOOOS!
The majority of traditional hadith sources state that Aisha was married to Prophet Muhammad (pbuh) at the age of si…  
Third times a charm: Turkish military convoy reaches southern  Aleppo    Syria
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kil…  
Peter Parker Joins His Avenger Dads In Intense New Infinity  War Trailer    
I added a video to a   playlist   Bangla Islamic Song 2018 । মা’ বেদনাময় গজল
Not feminists:  These are just very brave, strong LADIES!  God bless them.   
This is like something   would write as a parody, but I think she is serious.    
We have thousands of those terrorists in Syria, how did thousands of Uyghur terrorists arrive in Syria? Good question. The an… 
Up yours  Erdogan,  Turkey (&amp;  Israel) Read &amp; weep! 
Three suspected ISIS fighters killed by LNA-aligned forces near WAHA oilfield -    
Python kills security guard in Bali  
Shoppers have been told NOT to feed a  Ginger tom  Cat in  Southbourne Grove,  Bournemouth repo s the…   
I'm crying. I'm having hea  attack right now. I want to scream but I can't coz I'm at the office now…
religion Circumcision as a concept or practice is not fundamental to Islam. My advice as a Muslim leader, an Islam…   
It’s annoying when the west asks Muslims who follow the dunya about Islam and make a t.v show on their bias, ignora…   
Female athletes work incredibly hard to become elite competitors. Records are sacred, reserved only for the best of…   
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me…  
Mr.Bean (Rowan Atkinson) Conve ed To Islam Rare News   via  
An army of  Ibex moving in the snow at a national park in  Dergaz,  Khorasan,  IRAN.  GhazalMFR  wildlife  travel  MustSeeI… 
Almost had a hea  attack when the judge made his decision on Samsung heir Lee. Either too much coffee or too little air in…
The जूती journalists of India who prefer paid guests (including myself!) at the studio than hitting the ground of c…  
Yet amidst a period of De-escalation, one Nation has unde aken a Massive Escalation, against the Peaceful, Stable  Kur… 
Islamic Banking is not exclusive to muslims and it's in fact open to all CEOChat by  …
Durgadas had taken Ajit to Delhi to get him recognised as the heir to Jaswant but Aurangzeb agreed only to give him some Jagi…
it's what should we do to others  
I’m grateful for friends who would go across campus to bring me meds after having a panic attack or comfo  me when…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
SDF  Kurds were provided by the US wth anti aircraft missiles/ MANPADS.
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere t…  
Attack anything or anybody you don t agree with with the suppo  of the Hitler suppo ing Mail of…  
I am hearing that the uprising has boiled over tonight . Prayers for the safety of the Iranian people . May freedom…  
But the Ultras in the Tory pa y have this week stepped up what was a low murmur to a conce ed attack. Today's effo  by R…
The go-to GOP argument in the 2016 election campaigned seemed to be IT IS ABOUT ISLAM. But is it really?…  
Islam is a sect of Christianity - no wonder it’s child molesting, gay bashing, genocidal and shit…   
…
Not masks, no, and John Bercow keeps a tight rein on…   
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kil…  
⚡️ “FBI foils planned terrorist attack at San Francisco's Pier 39”
frivk WAKE ME UP aaa AAAAAAAA TRUMP musis is dead  war ketchup pleep 15 TV
Murder sentencing, terrorism hearing to happen this month   
You doxxed a random innocent person after Charlottesville based on /pol/ idiots swarming for cover. None of us have shr…
The जूती journalists of India who prefer paid guests (including myself!) at the studio than hitting the ground of conflict…
SumbulKhan , a female actor based in  Mardan , was shot dead by 3 armed men after she refused to perform at a priv…   
Your Body Is Designed to Attack a New Organ, Now We Know Why - Videos - Seeker   
.   Iran: Two women activists arrested in Tehran
Via    Syria, Idlib: Tour of destruction to hospital in Kafranbel as civil defense and others remove pat…   
Victims of the aftermath of  Russian aircraft bombing  MaratAlNuman  Idlib. These aren’t terrorists!!! Your eyes can clear…
Up yours  Erdogan,  Turkey (&amp;  Israel) - Read &amp; weep!!! 
Interesting, a charity (presumably) funded from corrupt deals with a foreign power calls for aid for victims of tha…   
Muslims and Islam are being used like a wrecking ball on Western society.
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kil…  
If these are domestic  terrorist   yes the states can handle it.Terrorism like 911 woul…   
Soldiers Abduct Four Palestinians, Attack A Family, In Hebron 
:  SSH Possible SSH attack from 121.18.238.125  
🚫 More than 400 children are detained in  Israel jails under very inhuman conditions.  Apa heidIsrael  BDSOurWeapon  BDS htt…
iusIII  …  
Islam was intended to clean the filth of racism in 630 AD. Yet WE must be…  
India cannot compete with Islam ..
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere t…  
Yemen fires ballistic missile at Saudi Malek Faisal military camp
Uganda to publish Islamic banking rules soon -central bank
With  browser  extensions comes a large  attack  vector that could be used to serve  ads, circumvent  security feat…   
OPINION: Change in  SaudiArabia is a fact and not just wishes. Columnist   writes:    
olishitty fans are trying to attack my   account. These people are really pathetic lol I’M DOING AMAZING https…
My condolences to his family! Their father/husband gave his life battling against terrorism that threatens all Humanity,… 
Kabbalah of Creative Process in Postdigital Age   via    Judaism  Jewish  Torah…  
An attack from the buffer zone.  Nephilim  Timetravel. Enjoy this  BookBubble   via    
Pakistan FM to Asharq Al-Awsat: Accusing Islamabad of  Terrorism is Heinous - Asharq Al-awsat English…  
Days of Islamic revolution 1979, Mashad Imam Reza (AS)   
This is what love 4 your country &amp; your right &amp; fight 4 freedom looks like!
'Women would have got the vote earlier if not for suffragette terrorists'  
Egypt- Amaq repo  on  ISIS sniper attack targeting 2 soldiers near al-Arish, No h  Sinai   
( Dogs and  Christmas  Tree  Tug of  War - 981575) Top Trending Videos In The World -    Epic…  
Please  PrayForMogadishu Somalia stuck between conflict and hunger  Somalia  attack  mogadishuattack   vi…
Stop bombing terrorists you meant? I saw lots of happy Syrians, celebrating while Tuurkish convoy gets into Afrin. 
😼 ProblemSolver    DIY SOLVE  problem NOW  FutureChanging   R   LOA  CancerCure  Divorce…  
The fighters’ escape threatens to undermine U.S. asse ions that the Islamic State has been largely defeated  
Third times a charm: Turkish military convoy reaches southern  Aleppo    Syria
Luv the new Twitter accounts set up  to attack me. Do it in your own name
Up yours  Erdogan,  Turkey (&amp;  Israel) - Read &amp; weep! 
Eagle One Harrier Attack Pa  3:   via  
What does YPG=PKK=PYD terrorists do in Syria??
Threat of WAR: Turkey to 'target' US troops in Syria for suppo ing Kurdish ‘terrorists’  
American Marines in Bougainville, Solomon Islands, March, 1944 ..  history  war  military  usa  tank  viralnetics   
Eject from damaged jet over N. Vietnam! Read SNOWFLAKES IN JULY:    thriller  terrorism…  
Quran: 'No Contradictions'? Not Quite  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
thank u  Pakistan for suppo ing  Kashmir movement, KashmirSolidarityDay  PakistanMedia  PakistanZindabad   
One of the aspects of seeking knowledge is to become a better human being, a better spouse, a better parent, a better c… 
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving suspect in the 2015 Islamic State attacks on Paris appeared to refuse to s…  
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat -    
Again movie indulges  LoveJihad: Kerala High Cou  petition seeks ban on  's film 'Aami' direct by Kamaluddin…
Austria's new governmental programme dispropo ionately focuses on Muslims and 'political Islam', but ignores far-right extr… 
JoanRivers sadly missed by the people of  Israel.  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me…  

' UAE buying arms from  Israel' -  MiddleEast Monitor:  MiddleEast Monitor ' UAE buying arms from  Israel'…  
Fight for freedom, 
TSA at Washington Dulles International Airpo  unveils a ifact from 9/11 terrorist attack on the Pentagon | Tra...  
🆘‼🧐✈  Israel has begun handing out   Depo ation Statements   to illegal African migrants. If the conditions are not accep… 
Working on Panic Attack again  
Make your money grow with  CityOfInvestment. We are a global market leader in managed  Forextrading  investing…  
This Young Man’s Poignant Poem Captures The Pain Of Every Indian  Muslim Who’s Called A Pakistani…  
Let's see if Farhadi would make a film on Mullah's human rights record. His lack of appearance feeds  iran's propag…

…  
Sufism lacks capacity to counter extremism, argues  . She’s right. It’s also become tainted in public…   
Película  Terror  Dark (11:00-13:01): Dead Rising: Watchtower  
“There’s no military solution to the long-running conflict in  Afghanistan,  Pakistan’s Prime Minister Shahid Khaqa…   
Now   on Erdogan appoligist will claim the man might have tied himself to the vehicle  

Currently reading  
Mehdi Biswas was arrested for running a pro-ISIS twitter account. Individuals who instigate violence against identifiable targe…

Malay seals used by Raffes, Francis Light, and other British officials: 
U.S. sta s  Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over IS    
Open managed fx:  clients  investors  hnwi  pensioners to  invest in our  forex  managed  accounts.…  
Palestinian employees of Ministry of Education hold banners during a protest against the US move to freeze funding for  U…
Poor kids in  Pakistan 's  Baluchistan, seen here searching in trash to find probably something to eat or sell... 
Searching, the search will continue for 6 months &amp; then no one shall talk about this anymore.  Pakistan 
Europe: Making Islam Great Again -  

Pakistan suspects India planning attack on CPEC installations: Dawn repo  via    
Italy, Macerata attack:  Gunman targets  black  foreigners in drive-by  shooting    
The latest Counter Terrorism Pakistan!   Thanks to    taliban  afgha…

1/2.  EducationMattersMost
Pakistan &amp;  India needs brave leaders 4 Peace &amp; prosperity. Since decades both countries are in war on issue of  Kashmi…
Paris attacks suspect goes on trial in Brussels - BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving suspect in the 2015 Isla…  
Interpol in Iraq issues new list of 60 wanted persons who are outside of Iraq. Among these are former president Saddam's…
Trigger Warning: Turd  
imScott
PH 'bot' capabilities is as advanced as the Russians that's why her own piece about Weaponization of Internet, Ressa found… 
A team soak up the Rangers attack in this extra footage from last weeks game in Belle Vue, Manchester. htt… 
Sikhs want justice but paid media always calls it terrorism. Though there is no such so called 'moveme…
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is…
Third times a charm: Turkish military convoy reaches southern  Aleppo Syria
I thought I had lost my Gautrain card in the morning , my God. The mild hea  attack I had. It has my monthly credi…   


Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He is t…  
erotic soft porn oral sex allowed in islam  
Putin  USA attack  Russia from  Sweden ? Time to annect Baltikum.  
Paris Attacks Suspect in Brussels for Shootout Trial   by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS via NYT   
War is Only Half the Story: 10 years of the Aftermath Project  
Let's do it!   comics  drawings  colours  saudiarabia  كلنا_رسامين  كوميكس  رسمي  happyness @…  


Eevee♂ Quick Attack/Swift (IV: 100% - CP: 692 - L: 25) until 03:14:10am  
i know the common line is   they refuse to accept nuance   or   they reduce things to strawmen to attack them   or   the…   
I wonder! Merkel is bent over and RAMMED by the Rothchild Klan that WANTS the Open Border Policy;  with Ger…
Myanmar's soldiers planned a mass slaughter of Rohingya Muslims and tried to cover up evidence of the attack, according to a ne… 
I just uploaded 'Was the mousedeer peranakan? In search of Chinese Islamic influences on Malay manu…' to  !  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me H…  
Syria: Pilot of the downed  RuAf Su-25 was fighting  AlQaeda terrorists, he was wounded and encircled, he blew him…   

lets hope that the company planning to sell 15k sofas to rich  Iranians can be ce ain of the funding sources and h…  

Many of the Human right members are anti nationals or terrorists. That's why they argue for terrorists.
Peak of feminist retardation:  
Third times a charm: Turkish military convoy reaches southern  Aleppo    Syria
Radicalism fanatics hate other religion etc is 90% found in Islam &amp; 10% in hindus so whom…  
ISRAEL  STA UP  INNOVATION :Five years ago, Israeli investor Jon Medved sta ed OurCrowd. 
Hilarious .. big sis didn't attack Meg when she was just an actress on   Suits   but big sis is very je… 


Islam is a sect of Christianity - no wonder it’s child molesting, gay bashing, genocidal and shit towa… 
Booker3:    …
And a possible terrorist attack in Finland | Lion of the Blogosphere  
Are You Addicted To Your Phone?   dataattack… our work is mentioned at the sta   psychsensorlab    …
IREADFLYNN
France plans to work with Turkey on  Syria 'road map'    Erdogan  Macron
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to…  
Third times a charm: Turkish military convoy reaches southern  Aleppo    Syria
iusIII    …
Authorities believed Altaf Khanani to be a close associate of India's most-wanted… 
PPPStandswithKashmir from Generations
😂🤣Youre a literal nut job. You are  from a country built on genocide ethnic cleansing and slave…  
:   :The fighters’ escape threatens to undermine U.S. asse ions that the Islamic State has been larg…  


I hate mental illness. I’m so fucking tired of this. I was just about to go to bed and then I suddenly had a full f…  
The   and   murdoch
If you are in Oxford tomorrow, don't miss Lisa Stampnitzky's ( )   seminar on   how should we study truth?   h… 
hcommie No they don't. You're ranting meaningless Commie bullshit now. Your policies - which you overly advoca…  
******Interesting******  
Eye-opening!!!  
Whatever it is believers have rights to practice and pray in their own ways but mullahs sectarian…  
Why can't we learn in this country? Why are we so much of a media nation. Like someone mentioned even a…  
⏬ watch ⏬
This is happening now in  Kafranbel  Idlib!!!  Russia and  Assad are the terrorists!!! Who will stop these monsters?!?…
Sudanese president’s request for Russian suppo  likely to expedite US decision to remove Sudan from terrorism list…  
Egyptian MP Nashwa Al-Dib: Abolish the 'Shameful' Peace Accords |   s
Man shot, arrested in  Iran after trying to break into president's office 
Fascinating!!!

Heaven is not a brothel. Islam doesn't suppo  killing (Murder or Suicide) hence the 72 virgin rumor is a hoax.
The klan? Weird. Is it a reprint from the 1940s? There'd be more social relevance in Super…  
The terrorists friend........   🤔  CorbynistaLife   
PPPStandsWithKashmir Pakistan &amp;  India needs brave leaders 4 Peace &amp; prosperity. Since decades both countries are…  
I could bet that Maurinho told Manchester players:   who wants to play plays with Alexis, we build the attack around…   
Now that  FBI is under attack, where are the  BlueLivesMatter folks? 
.  :  RegimeChange Is Coming In  Iran   … via    IranProtests  IranUprising  FreeIran
2/2. ...on the state of the  education systems in 17 countries chosen from the different geographies across the  Islam…
I liked a   video   What’s The Biggest Threat To Freedom - Islam Or Consumerism? | Under The Skin with
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me…  
Tehran,  Iran Feb 2 
Sufism lacks capacity to counter extremism, argues  . She’s right. It’s also become tainted in public perception… 
All one has to do is look at the similarities of  ISIS  alQaeda &amp; see the very same tactics being used by  US  Israel  UK  Sa…
They are not thieves neither are they terrorists. They only fighting for to institute justice  ,  , Biya, UK &amp; FRAN… 
Uganda to publish Islamic banking rules soon -central bank
ownsend7: Quran: 'No Contradictions'? Not Quite  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
Iran Plans to Bring the  Hizballah Model to  Syria and  Iraq |  
I just had a hea  attack  
Gunman charged as race attack fear grips Italian poll - “they are shooting at blacks and we don’t know who is next”…  
Interesting, a charity (presumably) funded from corrupt deals with a foreign power calls for aid for victims of that country… 
The video clearly shows the hooded guy went in for a punch and the girl herself also tried to attack the man in whi…  
abhishek_Aditya Paris attacks suspect goes on trial in Brussels - BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving suspect…   n1Si
Global  ransomware damage costs predicted to exceed $11.5 billion annually by 2019, according to Cybersecurity Venture… 
Big political strike against  Finnish government's attack on  unemployed
Why is  Somalia's current  government hiring more ex-  well-known  Shabab  terrorists? And why are international communi…
Religions are terrorizing the United States Of America. Christianity had the most money for a corporation before citizi…
With ISIS in Iraq defeated, the US military is beginning to draw down from Baghdad   
ICYMI | Crypto mining malware on the rise as security threats, blockchain and IoT attack next targets:…   
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill…  
Trying times:    Although  Pakistan may be militarily weaker than the US or India, its nuclear weapons capabilities…   
Excerpt from Uncle Barrington's journal   SOUTH   
Late Surge Sends Miami Past Falcons, 66-62: BGSU's balanced scoring attack saw three Falcons – senior Haley Puk, ju…   
Kashmiris’ struggle for their right to self-determination is legitimate and the UNSC-mandated.
Honoured to be pa  of  Discove rueIslam week in Cardiff. Truly amazed at the passion some of our youth have to teach the worl…
And yes, I am fully aware that it is not considered politically correct to attack all religions and it will lose me…   
Isis ‘far from finished’ as jihadi fighters regroup in  Syria   via  
I ALMOST COUGHED BLOOD WTH WHAT IS THIS ATTACK
When it came to Trump's discussion of foreign policy, half the truth was just not enough,   writes  Syria   
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to…  
The Prophet Muhammad (peace and blessings be upon him) said: “Jannah is surrounded by hardships and the Hell-Fire is surround…
boss topic ws not of ur relatives it ws abt love jihad vs love by hindu boy with musli…  
And  Pakistan won the Champions trophy final against  India 😂
ESR | February 5, 2018 | Cutting the a eries of terrorism - A review of Harpoon: Inside the Cove  War Against Ter…   
Tribute &amp;  Salute to the  ma yred  CaptainKapilKundu form  MadhyaPradesh, rifleman  Ramavatar &amp; havaldar…   
' UAE buying arms from  Israel' -  MiddleEast Monitor:  MiddleEast Monitor
Stupid Is As Stupid Does!
I added a video to a   playlist   Attack Pattern | Find A Vulnerability | Make Your Security Strong
Somalia suicide attack killed 18 police officers--15 others wounded. Deputy police chief
Interestingly enough, in Sweden the same   creeping Islam takeover   rhetoric is used more or less openly by everyone from mai… 
PPPStandsWithKashmir Jillani Shiba message on  5thFebruary   kashmirSolidarityDay KASHMIRIS ARE NOT ALONE IN THEIR STRUGG…
Battle Over Bodies Rages Quietly in Iraq's Mosul Long After Islamic State Defeat   by REUTERS via NYT   
The most impo ant shot of Turkish-German director Fatih Akin’s In the Fade might be its last — a key to unlocking the fi… 
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat  
Kashmiris have been facing Indian terrorism for decades.They have been giving lives in their struggle to get independent f…
4FreedominIran
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me…  
…  
“I heard a corporal saying,… ‘We have the order to kill everyone'    Rohingya   
Where you have read the meaning of   Right to self-determination   =   Kashmir shall become pa  of Pakistan.  ??😠 
Condemnation of the killing of civillians has never been the issue (a…  
Peter Parker Joins His Avenger Dads In Intense New Infinity  War Trailer    
Well done  PakArmy
lett: On the brave Serena Shim and her still-not investigated death in Turkey:
5Feb is not  KashmirDay or  KashmirSolidarityDay. It is made by Pakistani mil-tablishment on purpose.  Kashmiri is…  
aters: Imagine an attack from a supercomputer from the govt./ pvt organisation trying to penetrate the blockchain/wallet . This w…
TANUJ GARG: Curious to know the logic!    TweetsNow  TweetsNowIn  FilmyTweetsNow…  
to read especially on these delicate days for Kurds ...The  VikingsKurdishLove  DrWidad    
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill…  
US: Ready to stop selling your oil to China?
Our Government made ahuge mistake by stoping the home grown radicals from joining ISIS. They should h…  
Congis have no concern with Hindus they promote infiltration of Rohingyas &amp; Muslim terrorists; vote bank they divid…  
Breaking  Donetsk airpo  region and  Dokuchayevsk region under ongoing  Ukraine regime attack with the use of 82mm an…
DefendPressFreedom: Media under attack | via o8GJ Storehouse of events that show patterns
Islam scholar Tariq Ramadan charged with rape - Times of India    indianews  realindia  IFTTT…  
We stand against injustice...

Reuters:  Turkey detains nearly 600 for opposing Syrian offensive. Erdogan  Afrin  Syria
The vicious attack against Reham Khan especially her past which she owns very boldly unlike someone who hasn’t been able to o…
warcrimes committed by  Assad and  Russia in  Syria with full impunity.
Iran's practices in the region  
Wrong, while islam exists in Britain it will continue to divide us. 
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to k…  
Dear friends, 
Male transgenderism is not a feminist issue, nor a problem that should fall upon women to solve &amp; include in their own st… 
When  Israel chases down  blackAfricans for  depo ation or  jail, and gives  white  Europeans a  freepass, there’s…   
And saaheb believes that Muslim women will reform Islam. 😐😑☹️  
When you g…  
Don't talk to me don't talk to me just don't I'm going to have a hea  attack
HOLY FUCK.
So why would a Detective in another District Attack our Team? Are we striking some nerves? What are they upset about? Sh…
Why is  Somalia's current  government hiring more ex-  well-known  Shabab  terrorists? And why are international commun…
VP  Jahangiri quotes SL Khamenei as saying that he ( Khatami) is a good cleric &amp; he hasn't heard any moral/financial accu…
Russian air force continues revenge attacks, kills at least 55 militants within a few minute period…   
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try…  
VP  Jahangiri: I spoke w/ SL Khamenei about ex-pres  Khatami; he stood by and defended Islamic Republic &amp; its leader duri…
Manchester: Woman in her 40s led away by an   Asian   man and raped on a bench outside a Tesco supermarket in what police… 
Too right. You can air concerns over Islamic extremism without defending murderous white men.
Not sad at all... The legendary Mikis Theodorakis who at the age of 92, remains undaunted, &amp; despit…   
Auxilia in  Syria:  development and women's  empowerment.  cooperation in suppo  of  women   via…
You said earlier:   Is that the whole of the black and brown and Islamic wave coming? N…   
Another photo of the police doing the bosses job.  
FB Page Lists Interfaith Couples, Asks Hindus to “Hunt” the Men  IncredibleIndia   
As per sick secular logic...All Muslims r innocents and they can kill Hindu in name of religion or what…  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me…  
A true Leader always speaks the unadulterated truth. The Khalifa of Islam presents the real picture of terror in the name o…
MOD: At least 84 terrorists have been killed in various pa s of Afghanistan  AFG
And we will do absolutely fuck all about it  
Canada:  Countrywide protests against coffee shop chain's attack on workers  Timmies  TimHo ons  CWI  
free naked females porn star isis  
Anantnag police presented chargesheet against some terrorists who were involved in a terror attack in South Kashmir…  
As if there was any doubt about anti-Islam Ofsted. Neocon bully AmandaSpielman backs headteacher over hijab ban... And…
Analysts say they are also seeing signs that Islamic State fighters are adopting guerrilla tactics to terrorize ci…   
*waits in islam*  
Oh from NY saw Western PA, Ossoff probleam is ppl in GA06 think Ossoff dont listen local issue.   
…
Eyes filled with 😓. This time the whole world is watching  IranProtests stay strong .
Bawal pala? Some said the couple should have been wise enough not to offend the Islamic culture as their actions...  
U.S. sta s  Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over IS    
Over hyping the “ fear of Islam “ do you know how many innocent people have been killed in the last th…  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere the…  
Kashmir Day emphasizes the need for  Khilafah:
MessiahHasCome announcement on billboards across London.
Terrorism has no religion but lamp has.  liberandhus  
thanks    
The fighters’ escape threatens to undermine U.S. asse ions that the Islamic State has been largely defeated  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He…  
Leadership-thirsty Riyadh Facing Increasing Arab Defiance
SECRET UNDERGROUND BUNKERS BUILT by ARSA, DISCOVERED in KYAUK PAN DU, MAUNGDAW by RICK HEIZMAN, and, VILLAGER tells of ISLAM… 
The justice Secretary can't intervene in Police affairs because the Westminster establishment say so? Fuck the  Westmin…
Surgical strike was a historic moment. The world sta ed seeing  India from a different view. They realised that af…  
Observing  KashmirSolidarityDay means to convey the message to the world that  Pakistan and Muslims from whole worl…  
needless to say im just pretty damn excited for dynasty warriors 9 and attack on titan 2
Miguna miguna is not of my faith(islam)but today I will make a special prayer for him to be found alive coz my instinct i…
Welcome to the dominated world by NATO, full of aggression, hypocrisy and civilians being murdered. This must end f…   
I am hoping to see a little bit of the clone wars again as Han was 7 years old during “Attack of the…  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kil…  
PPPStandwithKashmir  Kashmiries   Brother's And  Sister's in  Kashmir. We Will Fight for Kashmir Always. Because Kash…
[MWAVE MC VOTE ATTACK]
Shoppers have been told NOT to feed a  Ginger tom  Cat in  Southbourne Grove,  Bournemouth repo s the…   
This nothing but a poorly disguised attack on migrants designed to make an already exceedingly expensive immigration proce…
Today February 2,the hero of the  DPR,Arsen,Pavlov,known as  Motorola would have turned 35 years old,but a sneaky dive… 
So this is great. Predictable stream of old white men in the comments who think colonised peoples should have just…  
Linking Islamic marriage to civil marriage ensures a greater number of women 'will have the full protection afforde…  
Now Playing:   -   Islam  Quran  Sunnah  ILM  IslamicLC
ARMY VOTE NOW
motherfucker  
The west tries so hard to westernise Islam and you have these low Iman Muslims who try compromise the deen. I’m sorry if this sounds harsh.
ON SALE 11% Sterling Silver Allah Pendant - Muslim - God in Islam  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me eve…  
Excerpt from Uncle Barrington's journal
: BBC News - Customers attack Bournemouth One Stop store cat ban   Poncey shop just lost loads of cust…
Maldives Govt Warns SC Against Arrest Of President YAG    HappeningNow  BreakingNews  Breaking  Top…
Another dhimmi spotted. Or may be victim of love jihad living in Stockholm syndrome.
FifthFebADayOfKashmiris being observed across the world, including  Pakistan today to show Pakistan’s suppo  and uni… 
Benefits of Dhikr – Remembrance of Allah (SWT)   via   Islamic Books and eBooks Publishing House
Demonetization  broke the backbone of Terrorism &amp; yet 4 of our brave soldiers were ma yred today. May the souls of ou…
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Keep in mind that Ian is the one who thinks the Nazi's were socialist  
Fight for your  Divine  Rightful  Purpose &amp;  Destiny.
er:  CrimeIntel: IPID suspects Minister Mbalula, his advisor Bo Mbindwane and Sitole of orchestrating the plan. All the pa ie… 
Glad you see it. After centuries (at least 600 years) of constant Isl…  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent ch…  
Anyone looking for a room to rent in usj. Please let me know ya.  biliksewa  usj  subangjaya  shahalam  masterbedroom  s…
I added a video to a   playlist   Allah &amp; Muhammad had nothing to do with the Quran or Islam - Islam is
No Islamic run nation should.
Shuppet, IV:91 CP:560 LV:23, MV:Feint Attack, Ominous Wind, FORM:unknown, til 04:16:52am (29m 34s)   
How dare you try to attack somebody's integrity who is doing something for these kids in this communit…  
BreakingNews.reliable infor has it that Miguna Miguna suffocated last Saturday to death after an asthmatic attack but the…
Gunman charged as race attack fear grips Italian poll - “they are shooting at blacks and we don’t know who is next”. What the a…
Tell me again that the  UnitedNations has NO bias towards  Israel!  
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He…  
Machete-wielding man repo edly shot by guards near president's office in Tehran  
Pashtun Elders of different tribes in Chaman town have pledged suppo  for fencing of the border with Afghanistan for…
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq’s Mosul long after Islamic State defeat    
Captain among 4 soldiers killed as  Pakistan pounds J&amp;K's Rajouri sector  Kashmir  KashmirSolidarityDay…  
ReddyLikhita  Pakistan President, PM talk of human rights of Kashmiris day after attacking them in J&amp;K's Rajouri w…   
Never thought she could be more of a scumbag than she already is. Now sucked in by…  
Sadly, there is a lot of force in this thread. Do read. 
Our sergeant was assaulted in an unprovoked attack last night after routinely stopping a vehicle.
Says Watch:
When a person's tongue becomes quiet and friendly, 
Theatre actor Sumbul Khan shot dead in Mardan,  Pakistan.   
Concealed Permit Holder Pulls Gun, Stops Attack on Police Officer - Breitba    via   News 
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill m…  
Analysts say they are also seeing signs that Islamic State fighters are adopting guerrilla tactics to terrorize ci…   
Keep suppo ing the fake pres and the KBG!!   Keep suppo ing the KBG…  
A 'Muslim' Women complaining about Male Dominated Cultures?
Current situation in  Syria. Purple areas occupied by Turkey and Israel. Yellow = US occupation. Green, US and Turk…   
RegimeChange Is Coming In  Iran!  IranProtests  IranUprising   
He can afford 31.3 M to Terrorists
No child should have to return home before it is safe. Right now, many pa s of  Syria are unsafe for children.   -…   
Japan Still Leads Asia In  bitcoin Market  asiabitcoin  fsa  japan  japanbitcoinregulation   https:…
Schiller - Fate (feat. Isis Gee)   via  
Someone just joined the groupchat with the same name as one of the members. Way to give me a hea  attack guys
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me…  
Isn't it time   you proscribed this group as far left terrorists ....  
DIRECTIONER ATTACK
But at the same times what's your view about Muslims ideology which suggests that Apostate or ex M…  
Illuminated language Us and ISIS. Satan is allah who. Footballers get drunk their repressed sexual tendencies come…  
We are a small island surrounded by sea it should be easy to guard our borders! Let’s clean our country up, depo …   
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me H…  
BREAKING New  Terrorism Frequency Repo  published.  AQ  Daesh merger? More bomb plots in U.K.?  Cyber terrorism a…  
So  iran is just like  israel  BDS
Pakistan stands with the people of  Kashmir against Indian tyranny and for their right to self-determination  KashmirMatte…
goodmorning this notification gave me a hea  attack but everything is fine now  
Chlorine attack in Saraqeb  Syria  
Today is 1000th day of  Narges Mohammadi prison term in  Iran, because she defended human rights. 
Thousands of ISIS Fighters Flee in Syria, Many to Fight Another Day   
Paul Townsley  WhiteShi Man Member of the 'Moggy Mafia'   Hard Right White Shi s  MoggyMafia Teach…  
Smear campaigns going on by Zionists.
Waking up at 3:30am with a panic attack... Great way to sta  the day.
mafs spin-offs: When twins attack  
Inter-community marriage is legal in India &amp; a wonderful way of improving harmony between the communities. Why are these…
Wrong analysis,pls make a good research before posting so u don't look stupid on the eyes of people.All these count…   
I'm ashamed to be Muslim 😲 Powerful response!
Video Briefing of  MQMUK  London, Sunday 04 February 2018   
Although only an anti-white would desire Muslims to colonise white countries at their own government's behest, it's wor… 
i know the common line is   they refuse to accept nuance   or   they reduce things to strawmen to attack them   or   they choo… 
Where is Abubakar Shekau? As long as he's not dead or captured, boko haram terrorism have not been defeated. 
Where is Abubakar Shekau? As long as he's not dead or captured, boko haram terrorism have not been defeated.…   
Rwanda dissidents politicians, journalists, simple citizens  who were seen in their offices, lefts theirs families…   
Who is ready to cheer on Team  Israel in the  Olympics?! 🇮🇱
Civilians, including children and women, were wounded by aerial bombardment on the town of Hmouriyeh in…   
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kil…  
isangirl: Current situation in  Syria. Purple areas occupied by Turkey and Israel. Yellow = US occupation. Green, US and Turkey's A… 
When a person's tongue becomes quiet and friendly, 
Religion can produce terrorists - what other product do they have to show for their trillion per year in bilked unt…  
Terrorism has no religion but lamp has.  liberandhus  
WHY DID ALL THE CUTIES ATTACK ME WHEN IM ALREADY DOWN  
Disgusting beyond believe,..why is this not mainstream media,..if this was Islamic it prob…   
There are several schools in pathetic state; both public and private, but they have licenses. Why does there seem to be… 
Iran Having different thoughts is not a crime
Trump White House plans to create federal secret police to attack the FBI, CIA, &amp; other US intelligence communities. Whic… 
Obama&amp;other spy my phone&amp;my car&amp;my Room.his secret intelligent chase me everywhere they try to kill me He…  
Mattis Threatens Military Action Over  Syria Gas Attack Claims.
It's sad that Western feminists - who clearly know nothing about Islam or the symbolism of the hijab - are suppo i…  
Anantnag police presented chargesheet against some terrorists who were involved in a terror attack in South Kashmir which killed s…
Repo s of more strikes this morning in  Idlib And another hospital...  Syria  
Isis ‘far from finished’ as jihadi fighters regroup in Syria. Militants exploiting regional rivalries to create new footholds…
Remember when CPC launched those   Justin   attack ads?  They did more for his pénom than anyone! 
Social engineering attacks are on the rise, with increasing complexity and targeting capability. Join us as we have…   
Terrorists are gradually decreasing in Kashmir so now Pak is now attacking Army men.Govt,has to plan some better way th… 
US Encircles  Iran with 45 Bases, But Is Concerned With Iran's Activities in  Syria 
Prophecy fulfilled. +M
Other times it honestly, borders on bullying of their subjects. People watch that and think surely these people mak…   
BREAKING: Western contractors at coalition base: American troops sta  drawdown in
Terrorists,War criminals &amp; butchers Putin&amp;Assad bomb hospitals &amp; babies using bunker busters, napalm, c…   
See the highly-rated eBook   Attack on Titan, Vol. 1   by Hajime Isayama 
Militant Muslims launch new attack on Trump  
Paris attacks suspect tried in Belgium over shootout: The same cell is believed to have been behind both the Paris…  
AP Top News at 3:49 am EST: AL-ASAD AIRBASE, Iraq (AP) — American troops have sta ed to draw down from Iraq follow…   
Fruit of Islam soldiers under the leadership of the Honorable Minister Louis Farrakhan. Captured this footage of our Satu…
Protest in  Baluchistan  Pakistan.....................
.  URGENT CHLORINE GAS ATTACK The 2nd in a WEEK  Saraqeb  Idlib Rescuers Amongst the Victims The  Syria Regime T…
Suspected chlorine attack repo ed in Saraqeb, Idlib following the killing of Russian pilot in the same area. The third repo… 
:  SIP Possible SIP attack from 62.210.9.206  
Terrorists,War criminals &amp; butchers Putin&amp;Assad bomb hospitals &amp; babies using bunker busters, napalm,…   
Extremist groups have turned Kenya’s polarised political landscape into fe ile recruitment and breeding grounds for the n…
😼 ProblemSolver    DIY SOLVE  problem NOW  FutureChanging   R   LOA  CancerCure  Divorce…  
Good Guy!!!
Egypt- Amaq repo  on  ISIS sniper attack targeting 2 soldiers near al-Arish, No h  Sinai   
Why  US backs separatist entities in no hern  Syria  
alDirect DIRECTIONER ATTACK
Syria: Shocking crime against humanity - hospital bombed 3 times today in  Idlib -  Assad/ Putin with  Iran engaging in b…
Video ||  Syria
PPPStandsWithKashmir Pakistan &amp;  India needs brave leaders 4 Peace &amp; prosperity. Since decades both countries are in war…
Anantnag police presented chargesheet against some terrorists who were involved in a terror attack in South Kashmir…  
I more socialist myself, I think Islam has nothing against socialism, however marxismus has…   ThLMp 
they are democratic , just because they are not like Germany put all isis turks in them land so that is mean they a…   
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat   -   
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat   -   
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat   -   
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat   -   pPhuMWM 
Without Islam life is heLL ,,,,,👍 
🚨VOTING ATTACK🚨
Lecture Series on Organised Crime and Terrorism (  - Faculty of Law): first lecture on 13 February 2018 by…  
My wonderfully impressive cousin 💚  
The 1979 Islamic Revolution is their biggest regret today.  
OPINION: Change in  SaudiArabia is a fact and not just wishes. Columnist   writes:   https…
Lone surviving Paris terror attack suspect goes on trial in Brussels    
Valencia Coach Marcelino bemoans his side's lack of creativity in defeats to  FCBarcelona and  AtleticoMadrid https:/…
Via    Syria, Idlib: Tour of destruction to hospital in Kafranbel as civil defense and others remove patients.… 
US sta s Iraq drawdown after defeat of Islamic State group - Los Angeles Times    iraq  news
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan - Fox News    iraq  news 
⚡️ MASS SURPRISE ATTACK ONGOING ⚡️
Those numbers should really sound the alarm for Canada with its moronic immigration policies.  
h1   Sharia has nothing to do with civic society or religion It is an Islamic law This  CaliphateP…

🇸🇾 Syria— Sochi_Congress Thread
: Living Culture
After more than a decade of service, which included investigating terrorism, working to rescue kidnapping victims…   
I dont remember Anyone in  Israel protesting this....  
No hern  Syria: a Kurdish girl shoots down a military vehicle that is manned by  Erdogan-backed jihadis in  Afrin. htt…
⚡️ MASS SURPRISE ATTACK ONGOING ⚡️
If you believe that only a small percentage of Muslims harbour extreme views read this repo :
LOOK! The beginning, a pretty good one too   
Po rait of Barin, the Kurdish female fighter who was killed by Turkey backed  FSA  groups in Afrin. 
Hamas Is Here: New Center Monograph Documents The Jihadist Network Inside The United States
Big mistake  
The latest The Ian Colville Daily!   Thanks to    scotref  syria
ParisAttacks suspect  Abdeslam refuses to answer questions at Belgian trial, repo  Lachlan Carmichael and Alex Pigman… 
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan - Fox News    iraq  news 
hspoog And the media goes ape about terrorism
👏👏👏👏
Thank you to parents and students at Wyndcliffe Primary School for collecting and donating their unwanted clothes to us yest…
Name 1 factually incorrect statement Ge  Wilders, Robe  Spencer or Tommy Robinson has…   
IOU  Video Know God Know Good - Dr. Bilal Philips Muslims  faith  life  Islam
Anantnag police presented chargesheet against some terrorists who were involved in a terror attack in South Kashmir…  
If you accuse the UK  government of being terrorists, then more or l…   
Amazing effo , Shazia and everyone else w…   
All praise &amp; glory to Allah, the only omnipotent on our souls, and guardian of ea h based on history of…   
Islam is not allowed in America lock these law breakers up God will smile!
Cheese does not increase risk of hea  attack or strokes, find researchers 
Syria  Idlib -   Russian pilot Major  Filippov  was wounded and surrounded when he decided to blow up a hand grenade so a…
Everytime I’m getting closer to god 1000 minions attack me cause my ex is always getting in trouble it’s my problem
Interesting discussion between a well intentioned good hea ed believer V a disingenuous atheist obsessed with sill…  
Cheema Sahib, your father was responsible for much pain… 
iAzadMP: '  Rajouri How long we will take this sh.. from  Pakistan. What about 10 heads for 1 remember?  
Breaking  Egypt  Sinai
Ahmadzeb It least for some weeks. Like we closed/extended vacations All Schools…  
Dabiq - ISIS' monthly magazine. (on freedom) - Page 2  
Iran: Senior Prison Official Admits to Arrest of More Than 5,000 People, Including 1,400 Women During the Protests https:… 
Rwanda 800,000 slaughtered in brutal genocide+said   never again   - in  Syria 500,000+ already dead+ EU  US do not even pr… 
onguedDvl   yJen  …  
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat   -   
I liked a   video   LOONA/ CHUU (츄) - HEA  ATTACK + GOWON(고원)- ONE&amp;ONLY MV REACTION
Jihad say hoga
While   arms terrorists to blow up security forces of   member Syria two gang leaders in  CapeTown…  
I liked a   video   Exposure - Islam's Non-Believers (2016)
lol higgins gets the dumbest trolls  
Six  Islamic_State militants killed in  Kirkuk security campaign
We suppo ed Palastine at UN against Israel, what we got in return is Palastenian envoy going and endors…   
Conserving  Iran and  Iraq’s  wetlands
one year since the attack at Utøya and Oslo. it has been an terrible year for all the norwegian people.
Man shot and arrested in  Iran after trying to break into presidential office - Fars | 
Vision for a New  Syria:  Sochi_Agreements  
I do not need to visit them. I am n…  
Isn't it time   you proscribed this group as far left terrorists ....  
Uma Thurman Opens Up About The Harvey Weinstein Attack And The Twisted Tarantino Connection    Cannes2018
Iran -  BandarAbbas, beating and insulting a peddler by  regime's municipality agents - February 4,  2018  IranProtests h… 
Damn it baby...WAY TO ATTACK A PERSON (TT)
'When lion takes hez two steps back... Hez not scared!! ...... 'Hez about to....... attack drastically' 2014 Jai Ho (11…
👏👏👏👏
WHY DID ALL THE CUTIES ATTACK ME WHEN IM ALREADY DOWN  
There should be something in place to stop this.  
DIRECTIONER ATTACK
Remove every mosque and ban Islam as a viable religion in America, depo  every Muslim in America and any new conve … 
News for ai ravellers. US is now supplying jihadi terrorists with anti-aircraft missiles.  
islam can go fuck it  self as i piss on your god ....,,, 
CultureOfPeace:
We are all in prison in Turkey. In this prison, “peace” equals terrorism  : le parole di Nurcan Baysal, la...   
We enjoy our Freedom as Citizens due to the armed forces...Indebted forever to Kapil and all in the Forces.....Pray…  
duDE I SAW
kashmir day ki chuthi manakar mazay kar kai picnic shopping dinner outing karkay hum nai Kashmiri logoon ka saath…   D
JineshMutha Anantnag police presented chargesheet against some terrorists who were involved in a terror attack in…  
Paris Attacks Suspect in Brussels for Shootout Trial   by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS via NYT   
The Beginning of the End Operations Campaign Hard to win on Attack?
Former President of  Pakistan and President  PPPP   calls upon   to honor commitments made to Kashmiris -  K…
Where are the mothers? Fu her baby exploitation as human shields for terrorism.  Idlib  
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat:  
How beautiful you are
Lecture Series on Organised Crime and Terrorism (  - Faculty of Law): first lecture on 13 February 2018 by  …
Iran: Suppressive Forces Attack the Striking Workers in Major Sugar Cane Company    IranProtests ht…
meanwhile elsewhere in world...🙄  
think I gave Olivia a near hea  attack showing her my tattoo omg
Islam destroying the world for 1400 years and counting 🥓
Paris🇫🇷 attacks suspect goes on trial in Brussels🇧🇪
…  
Thank goodness.  
SYRIA: More then 200 Israelis spies secretly operating in Syria and neighboring states posing as aid workers. -  
Ya Allah! Let the Terrorists Rot in Hell. Strongly condemn the suicide attack on Army unit in  Swat
ETC ACCORDING2 PEDOGATE CORRUPT!,FREE INDIAN UNIVERSAL CITIZEN,2232,2/5/2018 09:49,Welcome to the NWO TWEEPLE! 
I don't know why when oppression of Muslim women in Muslim Nations is  spotlighted Muslim woman in the West, with her privi… 
BBC News - don't just attack the pensioners as a soft target! There other groups not paying NI contributions like…  
Who is ready to cheer on Team  Israel in the  Olympics?! 🇮🇱
Dive iculitis attack -- a good result; giving up chips, cheese, butter, and dark chocolate; helps me achieve my weight goals. 
And who is more astray than one who follows his desire without guidance from Allah? Indeed, Allah does not guide the wr… 
I experience that a lot, it gives me mini hea  attack 😂  BTS  BestBoyBand  iHea Awards   
Islamic  Sharia police in  Indonesia detain 12  transgender women, shave their heads, put them in men’s clothing and make… 

All praise &amp; glory to Allah, the only omnipotent on our souls, and guardian of ea h based on history…   
Kashmir Day
Damascus residents find escape from conflict in their beloved dogs  
39 Years ago  Khomein returned to  Iran.  Before depa ing to  Tehran he thanked  France for their hospitality.  IranPr…
So Hitler's biography radicalised him but when it's Muslim terrorists the Quran is not a source. The double standards is…
FBPE  r4today  StopBrexit  Brexit But was the attack on the Treasury Civil Servants justified?  He…  
Always the ugly swines disrespecting Islam yet they talk about it 24/7  
Battle Over Bodies Rages Quietly in Iraq's Mosul Long After Islamic State Defeat: By Raya…  
Why Israeli fighter jets aren’t enough to solve Egypt's ISIS problem  
That mini hea  attack when you don't find your phone
Newsbud | U.S. Backed Terrorists Shoot Down Russian Plane in Syria - Russia Retaliates | Feb. 4, 2018…   
Tfw dopey Greens senators thinks there's   no place for   anti-Islamic sentiments in our society in…   
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat  
I don't expect every to defend per se but best form of defense is attack,1…   
Reduced to rubble. Civil Defense teams remove what’s left from a 6-story building that was the target of Assad and Putin’s…
McCain &amp; Mitt Romney hate our POTUS that we elected &amp; not for the reasons they claim. Jealousy drives their hatred…  
Please repo  isis 🐀🐀🐀🐀🐀
2015 Paris attack suspect Salah Abdeslam stands trial in Brussels  
Boxing 2018 👍👊👊
Don't let this world steal your smile. It is a gift from Allah to you, to make this Dunya a more beautiful place to be… 
oh yeah and bladestorm nightmare for the ps4, played the original bladestorm on xbox 360 but bladestorm nightmare h…   
I am a professional graphics designer. Contact me here:-
🚨🛡MASS ATTACK🛡🚨
TOKYO (Reuters) - A Japanese army Apache attack helicopter crashed in western Japan on Monday sparking a fire in a residen…
NETCU - the National Extremism Tactical Coordination Unit - used info from  spycops to help corporations prevent, discred… 
Who’s up for a vote and mention attack late today 👀💪🏼
Advise to hindu girls..
Stop defending the terrorists..Why dont you go from house to house to ask them to leave the country.
Imagine what the people of Gaza  could do with the $100 million Iran gives Hamas annually that Hamas uses for weapons a…
iranian  women cumshot  skype  femdom webcams  girlfriends  handjob  
Tell me again that the  UnitedNations has NO bias towards  Israel!  
Oh, I think he’s seen them. He blocked me on DAY 135 for these ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
Thanks for having our back,    Israel  Jerusalem   
All 84 Schools Located In 0-5 Km Range Near LoC From Sunderbani To Manjakote Shall Remain Closed For The Next Three Days Du… 
What is a   CIA twin   or   hea  attack twin  ?  I am NOT a twin and I would NEVER give ANYBO…   hvUOI 
Poland and Hungria only counties who not let isis turks to destroying them countries like German have 3 million tur…  
Surfer Bethany Hamilton on losing arm in shark attack: Jesus is my stro    hisprayerwarriors  
E100% masters all   antoehr kind of war  alexa familesi mix thru 12 3 generations then move on...and amster their da…   
9-year-old girl allegedly raped in Thatta- Sindh- Pakistan . You better concentrate on your Country…  
Stop lying about the bill. The law is clear and understandable. You don’t want the tru…  
Powerful  NGOs,  Antisemitism, and the Irish  BDSBill |   
Conte confused  
alsoul123: Please do not attack her with bad words or curses. You are just making it worse. You are not protecting Jungsoo at all…
Japanese people are praised ParisAttacks  ParisShooting  ParisAttacks  folloback  Paris  ParisMarch  

Look how this mass murderer, mullah Ahmad Khatami threatens French FM &amp; President+boasts about more suppo  for Hezbollah an… 
Stepping into your fierce Wild Nature means to not run away any longer from ourselves. We unapologetically become who we…
Thank you for the terrific endorsement of    by   who will B our next POTUS! 
I hope someone is counting the nbrs of turkish tanks destroyed so far, it is probably 10+.   
Syria is shelling the  Turkish convoy to stop them from reaching Al-Eis.There are no Kurds here, they just want to…   
Aren't you a company that supplies racist gobblers with the ability to be   counter human  ? Aliens attack &amp;…   
EMP Attack Threat Is Real  Bo Hudson  bushcraft  
Pakistan observes  KashmirSolidarityDay
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan   
Quran 10:15
Mass protests in December and January shook  Iran’s reactionary regime to the core - a icle from new edition of  Socialis…
religion Circumcision as a concept or practice is not fundamental to Islam. My advice as a Muslim leader, an Islamic schol… 
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
King Abdullah of Jordan: “Maybe there’s a lack of understanding of Islam” in Washington  
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat    
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat   via…  
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat    
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat    
via    Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat…  
isangirl:  Syria is shelling the  Turkish convoy to stop them from reaching Al-Eis.There are no Kurds here, they just want to block… 
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
world  news  Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat…  
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat    
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
📷 hentaifreaklover-reborn: Midnight’s most powerful attack! [BNHA]  
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 89.121.153.26  
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Of course not all Muslims are terrorists but most terrorists are Muslims, there’s 20,000 of your ilk u…   
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat   via…  
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat   via…  
It makes perfect sense. The easiest way to provoke a reaction out of people is to attack them, so if…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat   via…  
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
This says it all...
ISRAEL  TECHNOLOGY  BUSINESS  DEFENCE: ANALYSIS: Israeli Rafael has Asian nations in its sights…  
Both maybe kill you!!! So STIs or hea  attack 🤔🤔🤔  
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
WATCH: Congressman Says He Has ‘Credible Evidence’ ‘Terrorists’ Involved in  VegasMassacre   https:…
:  SSH Possible SSH attack from 103.99.0.224  
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
YOU GOT A MOON!
Where are the mothers? Fu her baby exploitation as human shields for terrorism.  Idlib  
Terrorism is fake scary man
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
For context on the attack on Save The Children and violence against aid workers, see this thread from 
Kashmiris demand the presence of International Observers in Kashmir to witness the reality of Indian propa…
May Under Fire as  Brexit Reality Sparks Conservative Civil  War - Bloomberg    
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
** FITNESS VIDEO **
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
NYT's New Duplicitious Attack on Trump's 'Unparalled War on Law Enforcement' -    GoogleAle s
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
** FITNESS VIDEO **
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Who is ready to cheer on Team  Israel in the  Olympics?! 🇮🇱    Israel  standwithisrael
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Here's what you missed over the weekend in Russia:  Syria airstrikes,   rejection, all that snow and more 
Sudan welcomes US remarks on anti-terrorism cooperation  
I think you'll find the British government has a history of inv…  
JEON WONWOO AT THE END GAVE ME A FREAKING HEA  ATTACK THO 😍😍😭😭
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
A Very Haram Affair is the title of the farce I’m putting on in the West End that ends with   being sus…  
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan   
I feel like I haven’t had a work related anxiety attack in a while but it’s happening And I would like a refund
CA: Councillor Kristyn Wong-Tam, will you end your slander of  Myanmar's  Buddhists and  Hindus? Will you denounce  Female… 
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
What rhymes with armed islamic group?  
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
UkNews Three charged with murder after death of man in bar attack - Belfast Telegraph  
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
One injured in attack on OPC faction  
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Attack is our best form of defence sometimes, we were just inviting them onto us for the whole second half.  lfc 
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
It's about time... I think.   comics  drawings  colours  saudiarabia  كلنا_رسامين  كوميكس  رسمي…  
Thank you, Isis. I will do my very best po hahaha 
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
You’re not a journalist. You’re a terrorism suppo er. Have some guts and post the missels PKK threw to civillians in Reyhanlı
Jihad say hoga
Algeria: New government attack on independent energy union  
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Still some molvies consider him as kafir. May be they didn't get their share.  
EXOL
Football, by contrast, cannot be opted out of. It is everywhere--social media, workplaces, grocery stores, restaurants. It… 
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan - MadePress™ - 
US sta s Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over Daesh    iraq  iraqi
1980s Miami became a major distribution centre for drugs coming from South America and Mexico. Mid 1980s drug ca e…  
when I got there I felt like I was either going to pass out or puke so I sta ed having a panic attack and crying a…  
Oxford Street LOCKDOWN: Thugs hospitalise victim of HORROR stabbing after moped attack  
ParisAttacks suspect  SalahAbdeslam goes on trial today in  Brussels: “I do not wish to answer any questions,   he…   
PPPStandsWithKashmir  
John P Oneil God rest his soul  
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 89.121.153.26  
'My Daughters Are the Heroes.' Father of 3 Victims Apologizes for Trying to Attack Larry Nassar…  
Swat bleeds again If terrorists can still manage to hide out in our territory and plan att…   
Once in a lifetime
Anti-Islamic rhetoric? Mosques are still gender segregated even in Western countri…  
If  Israel ’s  African  refugees are  AnneFrank, then who are the  Nazis? 
Bruhhhhhhhh. Intolerant animals.   IYK
ID 83097089 Server 210 Android. Utra assassin of Forest so it's maybe a silence skill like demon's hunt…  
Hr1406 action today please
Self proclaimed Atheist, Sri Sri Sri   is all…   
Sudan ‘regrets’ place on US terrorism list   via  
Whenever I see these kind of posts, my hea  cries. That is why I hate war, terrorism, radicalization etc. 
Gotta have them ribs, and pussy too   - Sam Harris on Radical Islam 
Please repo  isis 🐀 🐀 🐀 🐀 🐀

“Embrace Islam: because white men are cucks who can’t satisfy a woman like an alpha Muslim can.”
O Allah, please give me the ability to do anything that pleases my parents and help me stay away from anything that mig… 
:   Or call muslims terrori…
Chlorine attack in Saraqeb  Syria  
All praise &amp; glory to Allah, the only omnipotent on our souls, and guardian of ea h based on history o…   
I haven’t been that angry and full of wrath since a long time. There are things you don’t do even in war.  Russia c…  
BREAKIGNEWS
PPPStandswithKashmir from Generations
RefugeeCrisis Did you think they could  Assimilate ??  Taliban  MakeEuropeGreatAgain  Europa  MAGA  
Reuters: Man shot and  arrested in  Iran after trying to break into  President's office
i swear this is what some girls do anyway on their way to school  
Criminal_Putin attacked  Kafranbil Surgical Hospital this morning . Syria  
Hr1406 action today please
h: This is hard to watch, but it’s our responsibility to do so. 
It is eerily similar to an Antifa rally. Next time Trump visits a sanctuary hell hole, all Soros has to do is… 
Unimaginable human suffering inflected by Russia and Syrian Regime and what does the US says?
on  KashmirSolidarityDay Hurriyet Leader, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq who continues to be under illegal house arrest expressed his g… 
Afrin’s “Game of Hills” between Turkey/FSA and YPG now entering day 17  
So I can have a hea  attack again ?? Never
How does the pa y think that directives banning fasting during Ramadan in Xinjiang, requiring Uighur shops to sell alcoh… 
Harris County tightens  CyberSecurity after almost losing $900K in phishing attack  
German couple in  Berlin, protesting Turkish and Jihadis attack on Afrin..   
Trudeau is a traitor and should be dealt with as one. The sooner the better.  
:  
Terrosist screaming allahakbar? nothing to do with Islam , psycho shooting in the street with a flag a…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Just had this conversation this morning.  
46 year old type 2 diabetic who is poorly controlled feels she needs to wait for the results of a 24 hours ECG befo…  
Iran increases its military budget in response to nationwide protests  Iranprotests  HumanRights  FreeAllProtests http…
Man  Power  Hammer  Of  Thor  Capsules  in  Pakistan
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
🖕🏽FUCK TERRORISM🖕🏽
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat   -   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Only a total fool would belive that syrian troops carried out a chemi…  
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Yahya Salam   killed after 2 warplane airstrikes targeted residential areas in  Alshefonya town in  Eastern_Ghouta 
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Brian Sean Griffith, 40, Plotter in Attack on Skater, Is Dead   DEC. 19, 2007 
so now your conceding that McCabe confirmed the Dossier was needed 2 get the War…
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat   
Khalid bin Waleed accepted Islam by the perseverance of his brother Waleed in giving him dawah. Let’s emulate the perseverance of Waleed.
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Opposition from the Quraysh -   -  SeerahOfProphetMuhammedPBUH  ramadan  islam  
Pakistan suspects India planning attack on CPEC installations: Dawn repo  via    
Please, please pay attention to this.  Turkey is dangerous and they are attacking our most valuable allies   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
“ Afghanistan is being used as a tool to pressurise  Pakistan to make  India pa  of a transit trade agreement betw…  
We don’t have to read the Quran to know Moslems. We have 1000 years of history of Moslems in the subcontinent to le…  
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
MASS VOTE ATTACK NOW  2 IS MASS VOTING RN PLZ TREND
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
PM's praise for hospital and emergency services staff for action following fatal knife attack on  cassiehayes  
Letus count E100% folk citizens thru global fsibhone making x% of totalglboalfolk thru many species and ethnic grou…  
They can't attack Jeremy after the election result, so they…   
:  Idlib: The worst terrorists on ea h,  Assad and  Putin, are killing  Syria|n civilians with all kinds of weapons tonigh… 
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Swat bleeds again If terrorists can still manage to hide out in our territory and plan attacks ag… 
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Musab Ibn Umair was born and raised in a very wealthy  home. His mother took away his wealth when he embraced  Islam
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   

ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Illinois GOP Rep. under fire for ad mocking transgender community, feminists   |via HuffPostPol   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
…
israel crimes in  Palestine  
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
1. I'm pale pink by accident of history: my ancestors survived better by Vit D than melanin's UV pro…  
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Kazakh law enforcement officers detained a group of political activists and later charged three of them on terrorism offens…
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
A married woman faced acid attack since she denied a marriage proposal. [  155 more words ]...  
People in our times used to ask how was Hitler allowed to commit such horrific warcrimes in such a massive scale, w…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Jigglypuff ♂ Feint Attack/Dazzling Gleam (IV: 93% - CP: 379 - L: 19 until 05:20:56am.  
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Whole Pakistani Nation Stands beside you
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
We just want to know the definition of terrorism from  BlindWorld.
Italian Teen Girl Killed and Chopped Into Pieces, Nigerian Migrant Arrested   via   News  I… 
The students of BFC Shadiwal held a kashmir solidarity walk and demanded the United Nations to take notice of India…  
Head of  Islamic Institute for Ethical Training in  France,  Oxford University prof and grandson of  MuslimBrotherhood fou… 
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
The latest  Egypt Monitor!   Thanks to    egypt  israel
I was attack on this fine morning  
Palestinian Islamic Jihad | Council on Foreign Relations  
PPPStandsWithKashmir PPPStandswithKashmir from Generations
Y'all are so hard working ♥♥
Today busy  G5Sahel Ministerial in  Niamey. Clear political attention towards  peace,  security, G5 Sahel Joint Force,  de… 
FrontNews365 Lone surviving Paris terror attack suspect goes on trial in Brussels    
lol you do know Nigeria has like 85 million Muslims  
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
TheArabSource   Third times a charm: Turkish military convoy reaches southern  Aleppo    Syria   
When Hollywood annoys you - read this....  
Sponsor Of Terrorism!
King Abdullah of Jordan: “Maybe there’s a lack of understanding of Islam” in Washington  
Good points!  
This exactly how I had that panic attack , cause I knew 😩😩😂   
Check out my revised version of Rycombinant_9 available via Lulu Publishing! books  novels  …
Kashmir Solidarity Day has now become an impo ant national ritual in  Pakistan  KashmirMatters  
Why do so many people kill in the name of Islam? And then... why does Islam allow horror agains…  
This whole problem will be solved if India becomes a secular country in the strict sense of the word. I…  
I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in  Quetta. My thoughts are with the families of the deceased and prayers with the…
Canada: Two Muslim former University of Manitoba students wanted for jihad terror activities  
A few politicians are not less than terrorists... I swear
Religious war would have broken out if it was Islamic clerics getting bashed on here everyday the way pastors get bashed.
Will continue giving befitting reply: Army vice chief on ceasefire violation by  Pakistan   Kashmir…  
rep dan lipinski (D-IL) looks like a apocalyptic mutant whose special attack involves spitting acid and/or screechi…  
FifthFebADayOfKashmir means to convey the message to the world that  Pakistan…  
In what manner? Stagnant wages, exodus immigration to offset NHS, less then 10% of ages 28 &amp; under don't…   
The latest The Libyan Revolt Daily!    egypt  israel
It is called wilfully blind.   rightfully call it  fakenews and   are hitting a…  
For the best pa  of a decade the   – like most other mainstream media – chose to ignore the issue of Muslim gro…  
Turkey has so far detained 573 people for social media posts and protests criticizing its military offensive in…  
Children protest after  Israel demolishes only school in Palestinian community  
Watch Islamic videos on YouTube and chill
Several  Terror  Attack in  London  SadiqKhan Smiling Gleefully  
Viga-Delay-Spray  in  Gojra  Chakwal  Ahmadpur  Jaranwala  Vehari  Jhang  Burewala
Please take a look at the babies who now have nowhere to go medical care.
Murderers of  ChandanGupta must be given death penalty. It's the only way to instill terror in the hea s of terrorists. So t…
PPPStandswithKashmir from Generations
-    Israel not seeking war, but will do ‘everything’ to defend itself   
QT: Shame on you  Pakistan. How come you have guts to even Celebrate  KashmirSolidarityDay when your country is fac…  
FBI is Aiding &amp; Abetting Terrorists!
Story to Islam - Tim Humble &amp; Ismail Bullock   via  
This HERO was much to young to die.  
Stephen Gowans Launches His New Book, ' Washington's Long War on  Syria'  assad 
Europe: Making Islam Great Again | Zero Hedge  
Tensions are rising on  Israel's borders, the  IDF wants to remain prepared and will conduct its largest paratrooper drill… 
We gave  Pakistan more  foreign  aid than any other country in 2016.
Could use those to ure techniques in Gitmo  
Breaking the  Syrian army,s  Offensive against Jihadist Terrorists is ongoing,launched a big attack tonight and captur… 
Syria Slams US Claims On  ChemicalWeapons Use In  Ghouta
Canada: Two Muslim former University of Manitoba students wanted for jihad terror activities  
It's actually a radical movement determined to attack the basic principles of constitutional democracy as we've come to p…
Are you incapable of looking it up for yourself? I s…  
Humanitarian agencies: for every returnee there were three more newly displaced because of the violence  Syria
You have taken our dignity and exposed it in publ…
Terrorist Attack on  Russian  Embassy in Afghanistan Foiled - Source:   via  
Ohio: Muslim migrant who plotted jihad terror attack in Texas asks for depo ation instead of prison  
U.S. drone strikes killed 32  IslamicState  Daesh  ISIS militants killed in eastern  Nangarhar's Achin district nea…  
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat -    

I'm not funny because I don't know you to joke with you.
ISIS claims suicide bombing that killed 29 at soccer match in Iraq  
No, it has't. Why would it? Enough with your pro-terrorist propaganda,  .  Syria  propaganda   
ILL B OKAAaaAAy! Attack of the feels  
We’re ridiculed by opp. fans for winning the”possession cup”when we bring u…  
UNNIEㅡ!  !  I got a hea  attack.  
Skyscraper is Die Hard in the Towering Inferno and it looks great! Right down to the East Asian boss and the Eurotr…  
Syrians don't want words - they gave up listening with Obama's empty threats Have you no pride    …
Where is moderation execution 30000 political prisoners means moderation  Iranprotests  Iran  Trump…  
All praise &amp; glory to Allah, the only omnipotent on our souls, and guardian of ea h based on histo…   
Today  Pakistan Minister of State IB&amp;NH   met Ministry of SCIO Jiang Jianguo in  China &amp; said Pakistan and China…
Gotta have them ribs, and pussy too   - Sam Harris on Radical Islam 
A hur Wagner – the German politician – has become a Muslim  
I don’t relate RSS with ISIS. Some secula…  
ARMY VOTE NOW
... that he would   drain the swamp,  ..  make America great again,  ...   solve ISIS in a… 
Simple to defend, terrorists have different rules to the rest of us! 
Time to solidarity with every country who are under attack. Raise your voices for Kashmir , Syria , Palestine , Iraq , A… 
Thousands of  ISIS Fighters Flee in  Syria, Many to Fight Another Day   
Check out Health at Home Sunbeam Plaque Attack Automatic Toothbrush New in box  SunBeam   via  
The Islamic State’s toxic farewell: Environmental sabotage and chronic disease (‘Pure nihilism’)
“Yo Memo Bombed So Hard,  ISIS Claimed Responsibility”;  Twitter Blast Devin Nunes’ Memo 
Shame on them the reality is another thing huge money under the desk    Iranprotests  Iran  Trump  MaryamRa…
I just considered for the first time that I could stay in uni but my mental health still ruin my grades and now I’m…  
All wood all good.  
Newsbud | U.S. Backed Terrorists Shoot Down Russian Plane in Syria - Russia Retaliates | Feb. 4, 2018:   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
…  
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Shame on them that sell their dignity to the Mullahs  Iranprotests  Iran  Trump  MaryamRajavi  FreeIran  US  E…
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
I think there’s something wrong with   ‘s account , it’s either hacked or in wrong hands . 
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
“ China also wants to reach  CentralAsia and  Russia through Kabul (Afghanistan). In such a scenario, peace in Kabu…   
ENTE AINMENT THANK GOD FOR WARRI ORIENTATION, YUNG6ix REVEALS AS HE ESCAPES ROBBERY ATTA…   
Shows how much they care about our lives and safety nada.... only care about their own security us…  
Depression is not a mood, nor is it a life phase. Its whispers are venomous, and lethal. 
New post (TOP 10 Islamic TV Series ❇TOP 10 Islamic Historical TV Series ❇ I Movie ❇ Islamic Movie) has been publish…  
Prophecy fulfilled (Defeat of ISIS). +M
lol you do know Nigeria has like 85 million Muslims  
Illinois GOP Rep. under fire for ad mocking transgender community, feminists   |via HuffPostPol   
🚩  Daesh
That's Muslamic knowledge.
The jihadists are not peaceful, because Islam is not peaceful. 
Pa  3: Hello World! Wernher von Braun  SS and Hitler’s RocketMan  V2. On 25th Nov '44 during  V2 attack at a busy shoppi…
Attack on Titan in real life  
This is an abusive tactic. How many batterers have said to their victims   this is your fault. You made me do this. You ma… 
This is the passion of Pakistani Nation.
Xu Minghao's attack this era.
Australia to raise the next generation of ISIS children.
For the best pa  of a decade the   – like most other mainstream media – chose to ignore the issue of Muslim grooming g…
Man  Power  Hammer  Of  Thor  Capsules  in  Pakistan
That misguided attack on BBOG group
UK risk of terror attack remains a case of 'when, not if', says Met chief | UK news | The Guardian   
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan   
With  browser  extensions comes a large  attack  vector that could be used to serve  ads, circumvent  security feature… 
How to Pronounce Micky-Nikki ↺ ❤    muhammed  tehqeeq  alibis  micky  answer  mohammad…  
The Islamic State’s toxic farewell: Environmental sabotage and chronic disease  
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat  
PPPStandsWithKashmir Kashmir is not integral pa  of  India. Kashmiri people are more pa  of  Pakistan in Blood,in Flesh… 
A monkey doesn't become man by imitating man and a communal like Kejriwal can't becom…  
Newborns and incubators are under attack by  Russian jets in  MaratAlNuman national hospital today. Like yesterday( Aleppo) li…
Savage memang  
Israel is the only country in the world that has more trees today than 100 years ago. Happy  TuBishvat!  
Islam apologists like   will do anything to hide the fact that these heinous acts are directly ordaine…  
EXOL
Skyscraper is Die Hard in the Towering Inferno and it looks great! Right down to the East Asian boss and the Eurotrash terro…
Nope! Your comment is backwards. The FBI and DOJ went to war against our own President. And it sta ed during the c…  
Congis have no concern with Hindus they promote infiltration of Rohingyas &amp; Muslim terrorists; vote bank they divide Hindu…
The TRUTH About Islamic Extremism!
The Vatican and Rome politicans seems to forgotten the  turkish in involvmemt in the  assassenasion attempt of pope…  
Pete ownsend7: Quran: 'No Contradictions'? Not Quite  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
Project Week 6 - Independent Ethics Advisor Appointed; Risk Terrain Modelling of PIRA activity continues; Pa icipa…  
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat  
weets    THE YAZIDI IN AFRIN ARE THE LAST REMAINING IN S…  
Australia to raise the next generation of ISIS children.
Foreign fighters join syrian  Kurds in fight against  Turkey    
UK barristers call for intervention from  Iranian authorities over treatment  HumanRights lawyers    …
Battle Over Bodies Rages Quietly in Iraq's Mosul Long After Islamic State Defeat via NYT  
Anti- Imperialist U: Empire on the Rampage    Azerbaijan  Armenia  A sakh  Donbass  Ukraine  Russia  Syria  UK  US
The Very People who fought so bravely against ISIS and gave thousands in the battle, th…   
Terrorists,War criminals &amp; butchers Putin&amp;Assad bomb hospitals &amp; babies using bunker busters, napalm, cluster b… 
The TRUTH About Islamic Extremism!
Here it is, victim wife clearly states in complaint husband Riyaz raped her &amp; videographer &amp; tried to sell her to ISIS a… 
Edwards's side threaten on the counter-attack after Castillo steals possession and feeds St Clair, though his strike swerves… 
More Islamic State jihadis now in UK than Britons in Syria fighting the Islamic State  
Anantnag police presented chargesheet against some terrorists who were involved in a terror attack in South Kashmir…  
Man rescues seagull, then adorably gets attacked by it   tech  feedly 
That misguided attack on BBOG group
Russia should adopt definite stand against vindictive  thought process, appeals  Israel prime minister -   
:  Telnet.IoT Possible Telnet.IoT attack from 107.170.224.252  
Iran transparency aim of U.S. Sen. Tom Cotton's bill    
So was the  LoveJihad case…

Video of  's terrorists bombing another civilian hospital in Syria.  
Two  Moroccan foreigners in  italy  teenagers suspected of being among four males who gang raped a Polish tourist and beat…
Obama Appointed  FISA Cou  Judges Involved in Numerous Questionable and Controversial Actions
Delhi's Patiala House Cou  issues notice to Delhi Police (special cell) on the bail plea of Bilal Ahmad Kawa, 2000 Red… 
When  Hindu Girls lured, conve ed, groomed &amp; even attempted to be sold to ISIS as  SexSlave its no  LoveJihad Parents l… 
Iran Regime Fracturing Over Protests
One of the witnesses to the Tula Toi massacre by Myanmar military of Rohingya in Rakhine was repo edly a former Buddhist…
Saddened to Turkey ready to attack American troops among Kurds Turkey has launched an operation agai…  
The Anglesea bike park is pa  of a thriving  cycling scene in Anglesea; so great to see kids on bikes again…  
One form of attack easily defended no plan B
I liked a   video   [Funny Clips] Top Beautiful Jokes By Maulana Tariq Jameel Sb In RIS Islamic
getting with isis father Erdogan   shocking   Q
9-year-old girl allegedly raped in Thatta- Sindh- Pakistan . You better concentrate on your Country…  
OpEd Russia's role in  Syria is the only way to build a long-term military presence in the Middle East, says  … 
Sharia Rule
King Abdullah II: Washington Does Not Understand Islam -  - See More @  
Congrats team Penta! Now attack the next milestone    
igesAmt    …  
A horrific attack on our ICRC colleague in Mazar i Sharif made us shocked and hea broken and its a cowardly criminal ac…
Hoodlums Assault Hausa Household Whereas Travelling From Benue To Calabar (Images)    
Pakistan celebrates Kashmir Solidarity Day but does it really want Kashmir to be independent? - The Express Tribun…  
Finsbury Park terror trial: Darren Osborne 'wanted to kill Jeremy Corbyn and Sadiq Khan' ahead of attack, cou  hears http… 
Rising anti- Shiite sentiment owes to  Saudi-influenced  Wahhabism, a literalist reading of Islam that promotes...   
Rafa Benitez waits on key Newcastle defender as Islam Slimani targets Man United game    nufc…   
Anti- Imperialist U: Victory in  Palmyra    Syria
In their view killing 11 prisoners under to ure means a moderate Mullahs  Iranprotests  Iran  Trump  MaryamR…
w h at ... why would u- how can u twist GOD’S intention this way. holy shit... this is beyond horrible idk how y’all live with…
Arab, Muslim, Saudi woman bravely tweets abt her upbringing (using words almost verbatin to those explicitely written in I… 
Political thugs attack governorship aspirant in Cross River  
heavy gun shot at Chesongoch area in marakwet east  attack by pilots about two pple dead and others injured
No it’s impo ant that you understand this “fear of…  
So here, apparently, is what ACTUALLY happened to the Russian pilot, rather than the   he was shooting at people   nonsense being… 
Did I say the didn't?
The  Kurds wouldn't allow the Syrian army into  Afrin in order to protect them claiming the US would do the job. No…  

This Indian army is nothing but an organized criminal force (Terrorists in uniform) worst than the ever known criminal te…
Hmmm. Sounds familiar. One cow related crime from 100 Cr Hindus becomes   Hindu fundamentalist nation  .   
For those people trying so hard to destroy Islam, you will never succeed Insha Allah...God will always protect our religion🙏🙏🙏 
I am guessing over 70%, though they will not say it to your face. 
Photo by SaudiArabia  
Hahah exactly! Where’s the line to fight Islamic terrorists Al Shabab? Now they rather…  
Amazon Tries New Attack On Fake And Paid Amazon Reviews The sorry saga paid Amazon reviews on continues with a new…  
In the US we had old wisdom (The 1st Amendment) replaced by Christian stupid terrorism(CitU).
ownsend7: The Muslima Romantic Dilemma  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
A hur Wagner – the German politician – has become a Muslim  
edHero Just tell Videl to tell her dad she's being chaperoned. Yep... Chaperoned. *Sweatdrop.* Ehehehe...…  
Hiding behind their tanks and guns, they imprison to ure, rape, murder 1000s. But call boys with stones Terrorists. Righ… 
Extremist Salman Abedi, the Manchester suicide bomber, wanted a pan-Islamic caliphate. Moderate Allama Iqbal, the rever… 
isangirl: The  Kurds wouldn't allow the Syrian army into  Afrin in order to protect them claiming the US would do the job. Now you…
Shame on them arresting 8000 peaceful protesters and execution 50 of them means moderation!  Iranprotests  Ir…
Drug makers in  Pakistan  feel a little better after change in pricing policy. The industry says a freeze in drug p…  
Thank u  Pakistan for suppo ing our Freedom struggle in every possible way!
Join me in Guild Battles for world supremacy!
:    CultureOfPeace Dr. Widad Akreyi, 2017  PacemInTerris Laureate“I would have loved if someone noticed how my  chil… 
Increased  Iran influence over  Lebanon will result in  war against  , worries  Israel military spokesperson - h… 
Eighty percent were arrested by the regime, which detained 19 children and 41 women  Syria   
Afrin’s “Game of Hills” between Turkey/FSA and YPG now entering day 17  
rep dan lipinski (D-IL) looks like a apocalyptic mutant whose special attack involves spitting acid and/or screeching to aler…
Day 36/365:
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan    FoxNews 
How Could Anyone Discredit What Trump Has Done in The Last Months, look At The   FACTS 
IndianArmy  Bravehea s -
Are you stating that Islam and Christianity are intolerant piece of shit religions?
I don't mind people presenting a reasoned criticism of Islam. Posting a link to an a …  
FLP GEARS, Maker and Supplier of all  Gloves  Spo swear  Fitness  Accessories from  sialkot  Pakistan…   
HE   welcomed HE Ambassador of  Indonesia in  Baghdad.  
…  
Embrace  Israel &amp; bag America's favor. What wrong have Israelites done us?  Prophet PBUH also sign…  
Sterling Silver Hamsa Hand Pendant Fatima Islamic Hand of God  
haha
Norway defense po al caused uproar claiming Russia staged a mock attack of the Arctic. Google couldnt stop it. Was loo…
Absolutely disgusting he will only do 2 yet Osbourne same thing 48 years yes one mind died with the O…  
US City of Keokuk has become the latest target of a criminal  phishing attack, compromising the personal information of cur… 
Syrian Army hunts down ISIS in eastern Hama, storming its defenses (video) -   
Yemen fires ballistic missile at Saudi Malek Faisal military camp
One of the worst example of state terrorism, the other being Palestine  KashmirSolidarityDay   eSI6e5j 
On one of  Apa heid streets ‼️
A global hero,he had a warrior's death,full of implications for generations to come. His name will be remembered fo…   
I'm sure a lot of people are mighty bored by  Haringey banging ons, but what is happening in Haringey effects us al…   
Paris Attacks Suspect in Brussels for Shootout Trial   by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS via NYT   
There must be a way for the European institutions to save Dr Djalali. If they can't find any, then what use are they?  S… 
Not sure about Sho en's private health insurance posturing, but NIB's highly-paid CEO Fitzgibbon says it's   an attack… 
love for movements might give me a hea  attack  
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan   
Worst Indian Terrorism in  Kashmir continues. Free Speech Crime, Movement Crime, Education Crime, Healthcare Crime, Mobi… 
Breaking: Syrian Army snatches 2 more towns in no heast  Hama as troops prepare to strike at key  ISIS stronghold https…
Foreign fighters join syrian  Kurds in fight against  Turkey
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan    FoxNews 
I can see one day, as they make the drama on  mkr bitchier and bitchier, that it will all come to a head and some l…   
Cou  sides with Texas prisoner in suit alleging ‘deliberate indifference’ led to hea  attack -  
کشمیرپاکستان_کا  is being observed across the world, including  Pakistan today to show Pakistan’s suppo  and unit…   
Now there’s 4 missing Terrorists in Canada wanted by Police.   
Ask the Nuns held for ransom in  Maaloula one of the oldest monasteries in the World who protected them from  US backed rebel…
giving yourself a big run up to attack that corner   lightning fast over 2 yrds
Oppressor Buhari is a failure.    Israel suppo   BiafraReferendum  Africa
…  
The harrowing deaths of fellow Iranians in the quake stricken areas, especially the recent death of a toddler in the fre… 
Mattis Threatens Military Action Over Syria Gas Attack Claims, Then Admits   No Evidence  ...   
Embrace  Israel &amp; bag America's favor. What wrong have Israelites done us?  Prophet PBUH also signed…  
Ghada Karmi: Is the one state solution the only solution?    gaza  palestine
ISRAEL  TECHNOLOGY  BUSINESS  DEFENCE: ANALYSIS: Israeli Rafael has Asian nations in its sights  
All praise &amp; glory to Allah, the only omnipotent on our souls, and guardian of ea h based on histo…   
Some media repo ed on a “massive” hacker attack on Telegram in Iran. Here's what really happened:   2b1nYa
Capitec analysts defy Viceroy's 'predatory' attack on shares  
All the tweets about   feel like a synchronized global attack for equal representation. Zurich, Berlin, Kathmandu, Bru… 
You have chosen not to respond to my counters on the basis of Sanantana doctrines to your uninformed rants against…  
…
This is shocking - especially the claims to a 3rd pa y which, if yr side is accurate and I've no evidence to sugge…   
State of the Union Address by Pres.  Trump:
Join us on  5thFebruary at  Lahore  MochiGateJalsa to show the solidarity with  Kashmir &amp; to share the  Pakistan's…  
Choke me and I will go from brat attack to obedient fuck doll in two seconds flat.  
This ADL research shows that   right-wing extremists   are far more dangerous than   Islamic extremists   in US. Retweet if you'… 
Islam apologists like   will do anything to hide the fact that these heinous acts are directly ordaine…  
Turkey kills innocent people in cold blood inside and outside of its borders. It’s been going on for 100 yrs.  Armenians,  Gr… 
Miyetti Allah is a terrorist group.
Islamic Australia celebrates  WorldHijabDay!
THE YAZIDI IN AFRIN ARE THE LAST REMAINING IN SYRIA.
this side and that side.. they die young so thevokder one's can enjoy their benifets  
Women in  Iran want  freedom, like American naked women did for  Trump.  Iranian want  Bikini but no to  Hijab or…   
Terrorism insurance lifeboat:  UK faces 'far more complex and dangerous' threat in 2018 from extremists  
Thanks man lol and I honestly just don’t get why people attack each other over opinions
JIMIN
My Dear Neighbours, 
Sudan May Be Off List of State Sponsors of Terrorism   via  
Asks for the newrevolving door depo ation. 10 years in gitmo first, THEN depo    
Regional ijtema's for  's three regions is currently underway at Baitun Nasr Mosque in  Oslo. Eager pa icipants…
Hot Interracial Sex Rack Attack 3  
Under this rubble, there are 4 trapped families right now in  Idlib in  Syria. All victims of Russian revenge airstrikes  … 
Michael Braun:  Terror &amp; Drugs at the Southern Border  Trump  
Somewhere near  Afghanistan 🇦🇫  Pakistan 🇵🇰  exploration  sonya6300  instadaily  indusriver…  
Thousands of ISIS Fighters Flee in Syria, Many to Fight Another Day   The thought that many E…   
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan - Fox News 
Tounge using an official government Twitter account to attack your political foes?
Embrace  Israel &amp; bag America's favor. What wrong have Israelites done us?  Prophet PBUH also signed…  
…  
The latest The Yemen Updates Daily!    ajopinion  saudiarabia
I dream of the day I tweet positive things about how beautiful life in  Gaza is, how free &amp; safe we are, how talented &amp; stro… 
No more pallets of money for you! My   isn`t playing stupid games w…  
He went down to the nearby mini market 4 less than 10 minutes 2 get some grocery. A  Russia|n jet hit his 7th floor…  
Memri: Abbas Zaki, Fatah Central Committee: Now the Knife Revolution Is Over, Israel Spreads Corruption, Wreaks Des…   
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan   
Islam apologists like   will do anything to hide the fact that these heinous acts are directly ordained by the…
Right now I’m thinking of our Canadian heroes being told they’re too expensive to care for while your governmen…
Read this, media.  Please.  PLEASE.   
Iran  Uprising - Confession of the director of the regime's Prisons Organization on the arrest of more than 5,000 people,… 
A teenager, who is awaiting sentence after admitting committing terrorism offences, has been remanded in custody after breach… 
Objectivity is impo ant   'the “law-breaking, aggression and dishonesty” of cyclists had turned him ag…   
“ China also wants to reach  CentralAsia and  Russia through  Kabul ( Afghanistan). In such a scenario, peace in Ka…   
Fresh attack: More troops deployed to Southern Kaduna -   via    
I can see a clear contradiction between   ‘the advocate of freedom of speech’ and the outlet which he edits…

PRESS RELEASE: Hundreds of thousands of  Syria’ns risk being pushed to return in 2018 despite ongoing  violence, wa…   
isis taylor nude anti same sex marriage  
Trial Opens Against Top Paris Attacks Suspect  
urnerAU    …  
Hello! This is Double Attack 💞
The slaughter in  Syria  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Apparent terrorist attack in London subway  
Your admin acting illegally towards an incoming admin, then using terms like “sophomoric memo” reminds me a lot like… 
im having a panic attack  
Uganda to publish Islamic banking rules soon -central bank
Is McMafia determined to give me a hea  attack or stress breakdown bc I am not ready for the twists they keep throwing…
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat  
I can only focus on  Chansung's face...
Will continue giving befitting reply: Army vice chief on ceasefire violation by  Pakistan   Kashmir…  
Please do explain this wild accusation! Like the removal of Rhodes, burning of Paul Kruger - where i…   
Winter Olympics already under attack from hackers   via  
It makes perfect sense. The easiest way to provoke a reaction out of people is to attack them, so if you're re… 
🕵🏼‍♂️Another Attempted Vehicle Jihad:
Azerbaijan’s  Gabala bidding for  Islamic  Tourism Capital Prize   …
The IRA, UVF, UDA, INLA, ISIS, Tailban to name but a few are terrori…   
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan   
together to fight terrorism !
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 187.35.240.78  
Embrace  Israel &amp; bag America's favor. What wrong have Israelites done us?  Prophet PBUH also sign…  
Panic Attack in Children? Visit Moner Alo, a Psychological counseling center for Children in Kolkata , for more inf…   
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 187.35.240.78  
Cat Sneak  Attack. ↺ ❤️️    cat  attack
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan   via FOX NEWS 
He went down to the nearby mini market 4 less than 10 minutes 2 get some grocery. A  Russia|n jet hit his 7th floor buildi…
We call on everyone in  ISRAEL  USA  UK  Commonwealth  China  Russia and  TheWorld to STAND UP FOR AF…  
For those people trying so hard to destroy Islam, you will never succeed Insha Allah...God will always protect our religion🙏🙏🙏 
Yes, they should read the Quran and the life of Mohammed and realize…   
It remains to be seen how long people of  Pakistan brook state terrorism against people of  Balochistan and deny th…  
Iran MFA Spox: Formation of US-EU joint working group to revise JCPOA is just the US dream, and has not been realized 
Marcelino bemoans blunt attack: Valencia Coach Marcelino believes his side’s lack of…  
United States generals went before a congressional meeting for funding known terrorists in Syria.
Never forget while:
Entered The Zeitgeist on January 19, 2018 00 am 
Its Jihad that's what's in these people's mind. The Juvenile??!! in question here was so radicalized…
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat  
Whatever you do, don't ever attack them with unexpected comeback teasers or Minhyun blondiness or inminent mental breakdown… 
Ck this out   McCabe destroyed her career!  Rein…
All praise &amp; glory to Allah, the only omnipotent on our souls, and guardian of ea h based on histo…   
May I gently remind you that the loss of majority had nothing to do with Brexit, it was caused by Mrs May's irrational attac… 
Raheem Kassam 😮? How is this possible when I've been assured by many sources that all crit…  
After the consistent dignity and graciousness demonstrated by IOM Director General Bill Swing, the Trump administration has dr… 
We Planned To Attack Ondo - Arrested Boko Haram Suspect   via    
Glints of lost empire. Bactrian and Kushan coins, 2,300 to 1,700 years old.  Taxila,  Pakistan.  EdenWalk   
Drunks Fight Nascar Sprint Cup Lenox ↺ ❤️️    fight
Israel i brutality immune to  Palestinian calls for justice:    gaza  palestine
islamic culture😂😂😂😂    
Do you attack Israel sites since january 27?
Breaking: U.S. Backed Terrorists Shoot Down Russian Plane in  Syria – Russia Retaliates   Flashback: Se…
I got a mini hea  attack when i read surgery, i hope he's okay now, im worried  BTSARMY…   
The latest The HAKIMOLOGY Daily!   Thanks to    syria  turkey
Why are the state institutions keeping silence on protest against the state terrorism at National Press Club Islama…  
Anxiety attack after anxiety attack. The pain never ends when people can't leave you alone when you're happy for once
Damn that must be a Kornet or Faggot atgm...i know that sound plus the leopard tank really exposed Germany here...  
I HAD A HEA  ATTACK FOR LIKE ONE SECOND  
A terrible explosion: Kurdish fighters from  YPG destroyed the  Turkish tank Leopard in  Afrin  Aleppo  Syriaю
Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard link attacks to US, Saudi Arabia | World | English edition | Agencia EFE   
We just filed a critical new repo  with the  UN documenting  Pakistan’s ongoing persecution of Christians.  
That isn't the only city in  Israel that had a Jewish…  
Very Curious Facts About ISIS The Media Ignores  
Some media claimed Telegram did little or nothing to stop ISIS from using its platform. Nothing can be fu her from the truth! h…
Jpost: Man shot and arrested in Iran after trying to break into president's office   0kAuXq2  Israel
It’s Time to End the State Sponsors of Terrorism List  
Erdogan in Rome insists on full  EU membership (interviewed by  ). Turkish Parliament speaker called  Afrin offensiv…
Join us on  5thFebruary at  Lahore  MochiGateJalsa to show the solidarity with  Kashmir &amp; to share the  Pakistan's…  
feels like i’ve been having a hea  attack all week 😓
oh man logging on twitter and seeing this trending worldwide almost gave me a hea  attack! I thought something bad…  
When it came to Trump's discussion of foreign policy, half the truth was just not enough,   writes  Syria   
KashmirSolidarityDay the day when Media plays songs for Kashmir , people celebrate their holiday as leisure. While re… 
gothic porn girls sexy islam  
Read repo s stating there were invoices found for hollow point bullets &amp; ammunition for SSA &amp; Other Gov Depts. Obama…
Anxiety attack after anxiety attack. The pain never ends when people can't leave you alone when you're happy for once
Includes 6 Feb: House Armed Services Committee hearing on “The National Defense Strategy and th…
JoanRivers sadly missed by the people of  Israel.  
Allah the mutilator - Feel the 'peace'  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
An attack from the buffer zone.  Nephilim  Timetravel. Enjoy this  BookBubble   via   https:…
Modi's Chakravyuh :-If you dont attack him ,he will grow. If you attack him then he will grow exponentially.Morons now co… 
Zoroastrianism was the original religion in Iran until Arab Islamic invaders  Conquered Persia. Iranians  love Nowr…  
Is The Osama Bin Laden Death Photo Fake ↺ ❤️️    crazy  osama  bin  news  photo  trust  dead…  
Attacks:
Madam would you please describe the difference between common or different criminals. All Muslims are co…  
ALE ! ALE !! ALE !!!  FULANIHERDSMEN IS TO ATTACK  ENUGU AND  ANAMBRA IN A LARGE SCALE PLEASE INFORM UR FAMILY TO TAKE HE…
Oh come on. We need a new pope.  
SaudiArabia building  wall to keep out  Muslims yFox    …  
Sister Zara Faris discusses the contradictions inherent to   feminist Islam.   Many impo ant points elaborated in... https:/… 
Herdsmen Attack Police Camp, Kill Inspector, Sergeant In Benue | Independent Nigeria 
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat   ReutersWorld
The US Congress authorized shipping MANPADS aka Stingers aka anti aircraft surface-to-air-missiles to the   moderat… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Join us at To Exposed The Indian Terrorism In Occupied Kashmir
John    the minister for Terrorism    McDonnell trains these morons to chant Fascist - Racist - Hitler . They cant ne traine… 
The latest The Gulf NEWS!   Thanks to    digitalmarketing  israel
Saudi Aramco set to issue tenders for oilfields expansion
SDF/YPG has recaptured Sheikh Urze and the hills surrounding the village from the Turkish invasion army and their jihadist proxi…
Totally. Everyone has to be transparent but them? Whatever hypocrites. Tell us who is paying your bills to attack p…  
Absolute stupidity n Bigotry !
449 people who criticized Turkish state's attack on Afrin with jihadists and killing of dozens of children, women a…   
Salute to Capt Kapil Kundu. May his soul cherish in eternity.  JawanKoSalam  RIPKapilKundu  
Because two main reason.
SUBSCRIBE for your DAILY  NEWSLETTER pa icipate   BDS    FreePalestine Paolo for  Gaza ✌ …  
BREAKING: 5 Turkish soldiers repo ed killed as their tank destroyed by  SDF in Bulbul district of  Afrin,  Syria.…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
SyrCoalition
I'm sorry but that's simply delusional. Islam has always condoned vi…  
This is why I don't understand why T*rks are so proud of their country lmaoooo  
These descriptions are very ugly, it is offensive and an insult to our religion. There is no moderate or immoderate I… 
Facebook EXCLUDES Israel ‘Country’ Option – Includes Fake Terror-State ‘Palestine’   via  …
Islam is the religion of truth and tolerance. Only in the name can we see the word of peace, which summarizes e…   

The ISIS children who will be raised on welfare in Australia will be raised as Muslims - of course - free in Australia to…
Counter Attack!!
This is called dangerous love jihad. We have to protect our daughters and sisters. Otherwise result is visible.
Video statement of National Army  FSA fighters after the capture of Shurki from  YPG militants
Don't use shared  hosting, use  VPS! It's easy    IncreaseTraffic | W…   
ARMY VOTE NOW
Just did a piece on Radio Suffolk talking urban foxes. Slightly distracted by Moose who decided it was a perfect oppo unity t…
This year they bombed in Mecka and last year they bombed in Medina !!! And you say terrorism represent islam  تفجير_اجياد_الم…
No to war, peace immediately” will send you straight to jail in  Turkey - 11 senior members of Turkish Medical Ass…   
Meet the   Queen of Scream    . Her  horror books deliver bloodcurdling  terror! Thr… 
Thousands of ISIS fighters have escaped the American-led military campaign in eastern Syria, according to new intelligence… 
Please you've gotten the attention you wanted 🙄🙄, as an ex-muslim aren't you supposed to move on?? That's what you do wit… 
Biggest  franchise exhibition in  MidEast opens in  Riyadh —    SaudiArabia  
Mosques Around The World: Baitul Islam, Canada  MTAi   
Card Embrace  Israel &amp; bag America's favor. What wrong have Israelites done us?  Prophet PBUH also signed…  
cos it's always them who attacks our t-ara first, how bout this time we govfirst attack the sisters? you want? hahaha 
PopeRefuseKillerErdogan how can you welcome an openly jihadist campaign led by Erdogan??? The world cannot accept your si…
Peter Parker Joins His Avenger Dads In Intense New Infinity  War Trailer    
Gangster Islam: A worrying new hybrid culture Europe fails to recognise  
Fascinating topic, not only cooperation btwn organized crime &amp; terrorists, but on terrorists financing their orgs through… 
is it one sided ? probably due to the fact i dont normally get hindu's and pakstainis etc attack me like that, and…   
OpOliveBranch | DAY 16:
RIP hero. May god accept your sacrifice and grant your beloved family patient and peace.  
Nearly 3 years ago...The final sleep. A Syrian girl killed by  Assad shelling on  Douma  Syria Feb.2015  GhoutaIsBleeding…
We  Pakistani believes that    Kashmir is the Jugular vein of  Pakistan    
Stop evading a real stance to prosecute war crimes by  Iranian regime. It is time to make a clear decision in this…  
Tabriz (no hwest  Iran) Jan 28- Brave young man burning the regime’s flag in the middle of street openly. A clear sign of defi…
London police make another arrest, release image of knife used in London Bridge attack | WTNH Connecticut News   

ISIS collapses under SAA offensive in east Hama
h Well, during the 1950s it was the  Korean  War which opened the way for a  NATO membership...back then not all o… 
Jury in the trial of Ethan Stables will this morning continue to consider their verdict. The jurors have been told they…
US Army: 'There Was No Syrian  Chemical  Weapons Attack'    syria
i’m about to have a panic attack in school. i can’t
MSM should be able to identify  Idlib is controlled by the most famous terrorist group in the world, Al Qaeda. 
Azerbaijan’s Gabala city is among four bidders for the Islamic Tourism Prize of the Organization for Islamic Coope…  
More ballistic missiles being fired at civilian targets  Syria  WarCrimes  
US sta s Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over Daesh    iraq  iraqi
THE YAZIDI IN AFRIN ARE THE…  
🚩  Daesh
Even after winning the match in vs attack I didn't get my tournament coins..it happened with me 2 tim…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
Marriage to Khadija and the Re-building Kaa'ba -   -  SeerahOfProphetMuhammedPBUH  ramadan…  
🇵🇰 &amp; 🇮🇳 needs brave leaders for Peace &amp; prosperity. Since decades  India &amp;  Pakistan are in war condition on issue of  Kashm…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
And when millions of Kashmiris were on the streets in 2008, 2010 &amp; 2016 demanding the same rights, they’re dismisse…   
Iran’s total health care budget for 2018 is $16.3 billion, which is a third of its total war budget... for the last six… 
That is an attacking style which need a good pace to dodge the attack rather than blocking if I'm not mistaken  
Paris terror attack suspect Salah Abdeslam goes on trial over police shootout  
Muslim leader of Halal organisation said Australians should kill themselves and then need to be cleansed by Muslims. He…
US lauds state sponsor of terrorism ... for fighting terrorism    
NOTHING to do with Islam.
Jailed with alleged terrorists, Matt Deha 's essay on what it means to be an American.    FreeMatt… 
We said long ago   &amp;   will have to go collect bodies if they don't back the F off It's on their Head…
Focusing on failure of Muslim Mayor London Khan to…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
Criminal_Putin attacked  Kafranbil Surgical Hospital this morning . Syria  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
I got permabanned from your twitch for telling the truth about Islam, why such heavy censorship? Did I damage your… 
ISLAMIC CHILDREN AND MUSLIM BABIES WHO ARE BORN IN IRAQ SYRIA AFGHANISTAN THEY CAN ONLY SAY الله.they are not terrorists.
'
.  is expanding its  cybersecurity lab in Be'er Sheva,  Israel's  Cyber capital. The lab is operated in collabor…   
The latest The Str8ThugMaster Daily!   Thanks to  iran  superbowl
Peace in Kashmir is only possible when  IOK &amp;  POK are liberated as one independent country  Kashmir
Syria Footage of the Russian air force destroying the hospital &amp; surgical center in Nafr Nabl town,  Idlib. Journa…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Why ISIS is Giving Vegas Shooting the Dezinformatsiya Treatment - HSToday
Not all arab understand Islam, even though the revelation is in their language. 
Why ISIS is Giving Vegas Shooting the Dezinformatsiya Treatment - HSToday
Threads - Bombing Scene (1984)
It’s God.
UN Sec-Gen Antonio Guterres says he thinks  Syria peace process is at   meaningful stage   following  Sochi talks. 
Who Let Dr. Strangelove Write The Pentagon's Nuclear Posture Review? | Zero Hedge   The US ne…  
Yes, how dare he expose them being duplicitous and working against democracy to mislead the public.   
Are  Muslim Men Against Equality?    lka  Women  Children  SriLanka  Islam
Attacking PTV and parliment is attack of highest propo ion . It mounts to treason. For that, just terrori…   
Opinion: Bhuttos and the Kashmir cause
We  Pakistani believes that    Kashmir is the Jugular vein of  Pakistan    
There was an Afghan Analyst Repo  about the origin of ISIS in Afghanistan. They were Paki…  
Deluded!  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
UN predicts a fu her 1.5 million Syrians will be displaced in 2018  Syria
The slaughter in  Syria  
Pre-order Tour for Dragon Lore and Love: Isis and Osiris by N.D. Jones    readers  deal  bloggers
Sunday is a funday .. 😂😂 consequences could lead one to hea  attack!! 😋😋😋
DAESH video hub  🎥  [hacked account]
MEE Russia steps up air raids on Syria's Idlib province after jet shot down    Syria
When terrorists were armed to blow up security forces of   members this guy kept quiet. When the EU- &amp; NATO-compl…  
Turkey warns U.S. troops in Syria could be treated as terrorists  
One injured in attack on OPC faction  
1/ Another fun pa  that you don’t seem to be aware of is that Po…  
Make money while you sleep with AUTOMATIC blog!    ppc  webmaster  WorkFromHome | So, You Wan…   
this is what people of  Syria long for since 2011
Also it is not impo ant that who produced this weapons, it is impo ant that who gave this weapons to…   
Her main crime was she was  Yezidi and seen as a pagan/infidel/kafir by Islamists.  WomensRights  HumanRights  genocide  Ya…
For single Syrian who returned home last year, 3 more were newly displaced - an impo ant repo  about the dangers…   
What a waste!!! ISIS and the Muslim fanatics hold the world at bay with pick up trucks wi…  
Pre-order Tour for Dragon Lore and Love: Isis and Osiris by N.D. Jones    readers  deal...  
One injured in attack on OPC faction  
Our ammis always keep themselves clean, Hindu tolas can attack anytime so she wants to smell fresh when 'invaded' https… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Russia steps up air raids on Syria's Idlib province after jet shot down    Islamic
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat  
…  
Nice  
NEWS ALE :  Anantnag police presented chargesheet against some terrorists who were  involved in a terror attack in…  
Meanwhile in the US, clueless Americans go about their days, unaware that No hern Syria is striving to come the fl…   
If he caught his opponent with a light attack he couldn't knock them down without using an ex move lo…  
Resolution of Kashmir issue must for peace and prosperity: Pakistan
HOW FUCKING DARE U DO THIS TO ME!
ISIS COLLAPSES UNDER SYRIAN ARMY OFFENSIVE IN EAST HAMA   via  
Two newborn babies survived this evening after  Russia|n warplanes bombed the central hospital of Maarat al-Nouman. Hospita…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
I dont have a mobility disorder but I have a bad case of hea  palpitation. It comes as attacks, when…   
JIMIN DAY  BTSARMY  BestFanArmy  iHea Awards  
Why Turkey’s troops are in Syria again? Remember USA &amp;  SDF  YPG said they will secure the border, then Erdogan said its una… 
Even if they clear idlib, another jihadist stronghold is being created in no hern Syria 
Pakistan does it every other week. Its a routine for jihadists.
this is how Biafran Christians in Nigeria face the added threat of being targeted by I…
Yesung is a rock star in “Attack of
If you look at what the left do no like? Would fit nicely into Islam policy and narrative…  
This is called dangerous love jihad. We have to protect our daughters and sisters. Otherwise result is…
Embrace  Israel &amp; bag America's favor. What wrong have Israelites done us?  Prophet PBUH also signe…  
1980s Miami became a major distribution centre for drugs coming from South America and Mexico. Mid 1980s drug ca els…
We are all in prison in Turkey. In this prison, “peace” equals terrorism  : le parole di Nurcan Baysal, la...   
Looool she thinks she can run away like that from hell fire init  
DW-TV news Berlin, we would like to set up interviews with you on the suspected chemical weapons attac…   
U do cozy interviews with the channels who call kashmiris terrorists and provoke Indian military to kill inn…
R they fit for civilised society ?  
When muslims are explaining controversial actions in islam, they soften them so they will be more acceptable. and when t… 
Terror attack in River state Biafra land by  Fulaniherdsmen Buhari tribesmen more than twenty people have been confirm…
[HD] [Graphic] Slaughtering of Cow During Eid Ul Adha in Bangladesh Pa  - 1  
Slowly to ure the cunt everyday for years cause them cunts love to die  
Warmongering outlet   making outrageous claims to try make excuses as to why America has multiple bases in S…
The recent figures indicate that 6,417 (3,548 Women &amp; 2,869 Men)  Yazidis are held by ISIS in August 2014. 
BREAKING: Many killed as Fulani herdsmen attack Benue community [PHOTOS] - Daily Post Nigeria  
Barcelona chief launches scathing attack on Neymar  
Per peace treaty Sinai was to be demilitarised buffer. Israel and Egypt never let that clause come in the way of mutual a…
So,   this is what  RogueState  Israel has done to the prope y you donated to Palestinian… 
Salimgarh fo  walls. It was built by Salim Shah Sur (سلیم شاه سورافغان), also called Islam Shah Sur (re. 1545–1554) , in 1546… 
it's been three years now since I had my first attack.. and it became normal everytime it appears in my sleep.
From “Islam has no place in Germany”
This is called Radical Islamic Terrorism.
My speech @  hcpp about political attack vectors in  Bitcoin.  
Attack is our best form of defence sometimes, we were just inviting them onto us for the whole second half.… 
The other day, I was cleaning my room when I found boxes filled with VHS tapes of shows that I recorded from TV. Fr…   
IsraelWarcrimes - More  Israel's night raids on sleeping  Palestinians to cause maximum…  
Classic “whataboutery”  
Saeb Erekat Palestinian Leader Says Palestina will join ISIS if Trump Cut More Aid &lt; America Fans  
Amal, I don't see any indication that the U.S. is transpo ing ISIS fighters to Afghanistan so it will have… 
Terrorism Frequency Repo : Expe  view on the terrorist threat:    …  
If someone says bad about Islam or ALLAH. They are defaming themselves. It is their own honor at stake, their own prid… 
I refuse to believe those responsible for upholding the death sentence for  AhmadrezaDjalali have any concept of a just &amp; mer…
…  
This is how Kashmiri rebels have their funerals &amp; u dare call us   terrorists  ?  KashmirSolidarityDay    … 
Teacher: One....
Fu her to my   blog (  I have co-signed this letter to  Israel 's attorney general regarding  d…
Haven't seen the chance I assume you're referring to. But when that player makes that late r…  
Transparency International wants 5 prope ies probed under Unexplained Wealth Orders in UK, including Avenfield House owne… 
He's fighting terrorism on American soil ~ under the radar.  Is the honeymoon over for Lara?   ht…
,  ,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Isr… 
Great White Shark Attack by Angelo Gizzi    
the ability of white women to wield power over natives in the colonies justified their demand for greater political pa ici… 
I'll be listing independent Science Fiction bookshops next week, so charge your shields, set s-foils to attack position, dep… 
Former President of  Pakistan and President  PPPP   calls upon   to honor commitments made to Kashmiris -…
11 years into the internationally-backed Israeli blockade of ⁦ Gaza⁩, traders and businesses are on the verge of an economic… 
These people are born terrorists
ISIL Truth and Suspicious Death of Journalist Serena Shim - Western Media Remains Silent    OpSeren…
🆘‼😯🔥  Syria: Here roll the jihadi reinforcements from  Idlib. Several hardcore jihadist groups (23rd Division, Faylaq al… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
When is the US going to speak out against Turkey threatening its soldiers?
25. One sh*tbird reacted with pure hate. PUTIN.
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
My good friend   lost his father in the  1988Massacre - Here he is testifying about the hardships his family has end…
70  s? YES  iHea Awards  BestBoyBand  TheVamps  
You're blue now. That's my attack!
To understand the connection between UK foreign policy and terrorism sta  with the updated edition of   is30 'Secr…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
I liked a   video   BEACH ATTACK - Battlefield 1
Remember Allah in everything you do. Muslim and blessed.  Muslims  blessed  
Mum feared acid attack as obsessive ex tried to prove she was dating new man    
actually they have highlighted the Syrian conflict.  that is primarily a civil war w…  
Now we know know why Narendra Modi failed to tackle Pakistan Sponsored terrorism, provide employment, prevent Farmers suic… 
Croatia eyeing investment oppo unities in Iran
Sifuna: NRM’s Miguna suffers asthma attack
Mysterious pool and fountain discovered at ancient Christian site in  Israel |  
It's clear for Muslims specially conve ed Islam first so she is doing same job
World Bank backs $210m Baghdad water supply project
Play free online game Snake Attack  
In many respects, you know, they honor President Obama. He's the founder of ISIS. He's the founder of ISIS. He's th…   
Iran needs around $200bn over the next 5 years to meet its ambitious  oil and  gas targets  OOTT  Outlook2018…  
Videos of Russian Su-25 Frogfoot Attack Jet Shot Down In Syria (Pilot of downed Russian Su-25 in Syria died...  
Today Pakistan celebrate Kashmir Solidarity Day with a public holiday:    Pakistan  Kashmir…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Play free online game Snake Attack    
Why are you hosting Rebel Media   it is an extreme attack c…  
Terrorist attack Sweden; it is time for the Swedes to wake up  
Why does the government of the…
10:56   It is He Who giveth life and who taketh it, and to Him shall ye all be brought back.    quran  islam  quote 
Man shot and arrested in  Iran after trying to break into president's office -  Fars  
Those who disbelieve, theirs will be a severe torment; and those who believe (in the Oneness of Allah Islamic Monot…   
I liked a   video   Jinnat history in urdu | Story of jinnat | Islamic waqiat
EMP Attack Bug Out Vehicle: How To Choose and Modify An EMP Proof Car That Will Survive An Electromagnetic Pulse At…  
I liked a   video   জ্বিনের অট্টহাসি || Laughter of the Jinn Islamic Sho 
doesn't want you to know defenseless Syrians are being obliterated day and night. why do networks protect Assa…  
In 2013 I was attacked by US Military and they sta ed indoctrinating me in Terrorism to invade Zimbabwe for…
Thank selfish politicians all over world who put their petty interests over country's safety. Same happeni…  
Do you know when the  Crystal  Award is given to an a ist?   acid  attack?    
Ex-Army Soldier turned Radical Muslim Loyal to ISIS Sentenced to Life for Murder of Police Officer, Incompetent FBI Ig… 
Read this, media.  Please.  PLEASE.   
DAESH video hub  🎥
Finally!
No, sadly, that’s what society and wrong teachings of Islam have taught people to think. Please watch the video… 
How can we detect hea  disease before it leads to a hea  attack? Watch as CEO of AUM Cardiovascular demos CADence…  
The majority of traditional hadith sources state that Aisha was married to Prophet Muhammad (pbuh) at the age of six or s…
Both India &amp; Israel quickly jumped on global war on terror bandwagon &amp; seized the moment to link resistance in the occupied te…
All humankind aim for the solution to all pains of all humankind.
Kashmiris are a ‘huge force’, all they need is ‘good leadership’, says Pakistan PM - KashmirConflict  Pakistan  IndianAdmin… 
As a Syrian, no one represents me as much as these adorable disgruntled Islamic Chinese jihadists   
Former Olympian Iftikhar Ahmed working as Cobbler on a street of  Abbotabad.  Pakistan He was a athlete and 100m sprinter.( A…
Chicken Attack  demigrante  Gracioso  Ríete  dive ido  pollo  Chicken  
Pakistan will have to push the Durand line westwards.....capture the cities of Asmar, Jalalabad, Khost, Gardez &amp; Kandha… 
not all vaidyas are fake &amp; minority bootlicker👏 perfect assessment for which Ja…  
I won’t defend Luthuli house it’s not under attack  
Abdeslam is on trial, but when will the  Quran be on trial? The root of  Islamic  terrorist lies in the  Quran its…   
This underlines the contradiction in US policy regarding Sudan and the state sponsors of terrorism list
either the true or false scriptures that were supposed to exist in the Holy Bible. This clearly shows islam to be a…  
Now that the  SuperBowl garbage distraction is over. Might want to pay attention to the fact  Russia has declared to drop the US…
While Americans favor fentanyl, terrorists apparently prefer tramadol—a cheaper numbing opioid that's legal in the…   
US to mediate  peace in  MiddleEast despite  Trump recognition of  Jerusalem?  
Iran needs around $200bn over the next 5 years to meet its ambitious  oil and  gas targets  OOTT  Outlook2018  
When you are studying Mohammed, you are studying Islam.  BillWarnerPhD   
With ISIS in Iraq defeated, the US military is beginning to draw down from Baghdad - Combined Joint Task Force - Op…   
Apparent chlorine attack on Saraqeb  
We are providing services and supplying  coding and  marking machines for the products in  Pakistan since 2008.  
The question is: who informs the Pope? Obviously he's not listening to the Christian clerics in Syria giv…  
Almost four environmental defenders a week killed in 2017    Terror against environmental…  
Attack Monday with enthusiasm, laughter, thousands of smiles and cheerfulness!  mondaymotivation  studyabroad…   
Attack is the secret of defense; defense is the planning of an  attack
Attack Monday with enthusiasm, laughter, thousands of smiles and cheerfulness!  mondaymotivation  eyecare  elderly…   
OP-ED: If brandishing the stick of fear were an effective tool, it would have served  President El-Sisi better duri…   
Welcome to the NWO TWEEPLE!
jesus christ, who the fuck do these people think they fucking are   
Please   if you like!!  luxurycars  luxury  supercars  cars Nineteen Porsche 918 Spyders Attack the..…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
2: Page 33 of 365:
Please namjoon, rest, please. I almost got a hea  attack and I just woke up  GetWellSoonNamjoon 
Well perhaps because nowadays it’s pretty dangerous in asia, and japan wants to be able to protect itself a… 
Battle Over Bodies Rages Quietly In Iraqs Mosul Long After Islamic State Defeat    

,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Oh Lord, were going to have a good time with these savage's 
India has a ‘plan to attack’ CPEC installations, claims Pakistan’s Interior Ministry -  CPEC  India  Pakistan  Terror https… 
The  UnitedStates jailing of a former consultant to Iran's mission to the United Nations is pa  of a campaign of   …   
Lana Del Rey is preparing to attack  
The  Finnish experience is the most outstanding model in the world for training and preparing  primaryschool  teachers.… 
Israel  YNET  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: New suspect in Bitan affair remanded by 4 days  
Israel  YNET  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: East Jerusalem youth arrested on suspicion of owning armaments  
Israel  YNET  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Lebanese soldier, terrorist die in army raid   
Israel  YNET  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Russia says it has measures it can take against the USA  
My interview in the NY Review of Books in this superb a icle by Sarah Helm: Homeless in  Gaza…  
WOW!! This is serious but I can’t help laughing LMMFAO
Such butt, much attack.   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Really interesting stuff there from  . She’s done it again!  
How the Saudis Drag the US into Perpetual War in the Mideast  war   - get content from:  
Vuwani Demarcation Task Team denies torching school - The Demarcation Task Team, which led violent protests in the…   
Syrian activists say civilians hit by chlorine gas attack   via  
A woman was executed by Iranian regime henchmen today in Noshahr city (No hern  Iran)
I've been ce ainly guilty of doing this myself. At one point I thought Islam was compatible with Secularism. Ce a…  
3 PM Weather Update: Current temp. now 21C with outlook Mostly Cloudy.  Islamabad  Pakistan
Problem with kearyn is he doesn't go forward he passes backwards or sideways. The p…   Jke3Fx
Allah's Messenger ﷺ said: Those who do not show mercy to our young ones and do not realize the right of our elders…  
Creative financing to keep the Airbus ATR deals alive for  Iran  
Embrace  Israel &amp; bag America's favor. What wrong have Israelites done us?  Prophet PBUH also sign…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Should put Hazard's quality into perspective. He once again carried our attack almost singlehandedly in the 2nd hal…  
NOBODY
demi lovato - hea  attack.mp3  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Which is exactly what you should be doing. Your poor wife had to change her stage name because of you. THIS AFFECTS YOUR…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Israel  YNET  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Man shot and arrested in Iran after trying to break into preside…  
Syria: Russian jet shot down in  Idlib Province:    
Dear   Are you aware that you're encouraging a mass murderer, an ISIS/AlQaida/AlNusra lover to do more?  PopeRefuseKi… 
IdahoHoneyPot: Shields UP!!  NTP incoming NTP attack from 185.35.63.141  
Hi  =  This PR, it’s a  humanity &amp;  Justice case  thaarjustice  EnglandHour  UKLateHour  UKBusinessLunch  OnlineBiz  ShowUp  U… 
legend &amp; queen of unity and peace ❤️  
Iran Cancels Deal with Norwegian FLNG Developer  RegimeChange &amp;  FreeIran within reach! IranOpposition…  
ReutersBattle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat    Iraq
Turkey deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdag says US troops will be targeted if they stand next to PYD/YPG fighter…
Israel  Arutz  NEWS  broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Bennett's promise to Gush Etzion students  
King Abdullah of Jordan: “Maybe there’s a lack of understanding of  Islam” in Washington  
Police Kill 3 Herdsmen In Counter-Terrorism Operation -    
US sta s Iraq drawdown after defeat of Islamic State group  
Israel  YNET  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: New suspect in Bitan affair remanded by 4 days  
Israel  YNET  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: East Jerusalem youth arrested on suspicion of owning armaments  
Israel  YNET  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Russia says it has measures it can take against the USA  
Israel  YNET  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Lebanese soldier, terrorist die in army raid   
Israel  YNET  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Man shot and arrested in Iran after trying to break into preside…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bi… 
‘Kashmir Solidarity Day’: Without resolving Kashmir issue, peace will remain elusive, says Pakistan - Kashmir  Pakistan  In… 
indiatvnews   NEWS ALE :  Anantnag police presented chargesheet against some terrorists who were  involved in a…   
Iran transparency aim of U.S. Sen. Tom Cotton's bill    
With ISIS in Iraq defeated, the US military is beginning to draw down from Baghdad   
Sikorsky Qualifies Weapons System for Digital Black Hawk Helicopter - Integrated system simplifies high accuracy ta…  
Trump is right -- He and his campaign were victims of a political attack by the Justice Depa ment and FBI
🥀 1988Massacre in  Iran,We won't forget &amp; we won't forgive!Call4  Justice 
MAN,8801,2/5/2018 10:00,Attack Monday with enthusiasm 
Think israeli arab jews are posing as isis  
Because you are all just a bunch of talentless gutless cowards and appeasers who need to be held to account now. Yo…  
In Morocco, repo er convinced of   condoning terrorism    freedomofpress  Hirak 
Attack Monday with enthusiasm, laughter, thousands of smiles and cheerfulness!  mondaymotivation  vegan…   
StandWithTheKurds  DefendAfrin  StopErdogan An Islamic Madman
Attack Monday with enthusiasm, laughter, thousands of smiles and cheerfulness!  mondaymotivation  smallbusiness…   
isinalvegan: Attack Monday with enthusiasm, laughter, thousands of smiles and cheerfulness!  mondaymotivation  vegan  veganliving  v… 
No military solution to Afghan conflict, says Pakistan PM -  Afghanistan  Pakistan  Conflict  UnitedStates   
Attack Monday with enthusiasm, laughter, thousands of smiles and cheerfulness!  mondaymotivation  luxurylifeuk…   
Israel  EURONEWS  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Haitian a ists give everything to Jacmel carnival - The car…  
Salah_dine
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
She was dumped by her boyfriend and he decided to comfo  her . But his intentions are not clear basing on what's on this…
VIEWER DISCRN: How the children looked being shot by sponge bullets gaza  palestine
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bi… 
These fucking uber drivers giving me a hea  attack
Humanrights  Iran Iran: Mother pressured ask her sons to break their hunger strike - The Depa ment of Intelligenc…  
Hashtag   Cardinal Tumi Country Ambazonia and village is under attack his ppls are been massacre. Cardinal Tumi is a member i…
Hazard on his best season wasn't doing what De Bruyne is doing now  so he wouldn't win POTY now even. And Salah is…  
Retweeted Iran Freedom ( ):
hkhypy1:  SSH Possible SSH attack from 123.59.60.110  
mca  motorclubofamerica Paris attacks suspect goes on trial in Brussels - BRUSSELS (Reute…  
Cultural appropriation/secularising a culture's traditions is when you take a tradition, cut it off from…   
Israel disrupt Lebanon and got Hizbollah, Turkey undeniable role in Syria war got them YPG; history is bitch 
You can't ever win if you're always on the defensive, to win, you have attack   -Light Yagami- (Death Note)   
Russia launches HUGE offensive after Syrian rebels shoot down fighter jet and KILL pilot   via  
Join us this Wednesday when Dr Janice Blenkinsopp and Farjana Islam present on welfare policy and intergenerational…  
Video leaked which shows Uva CM Chamara Sampath trying to attack a monk. Recently he allegedly involved lady principal k…
What happens when Ghosts Attack?
Regime Change Is Coming In Iran   |  Iran
Thanks your suppo s to Iranian protesters against oppression, corruption iran…   
Also, Fabianski thought it was surprisingly easy to play us, sit back in compact defence and…   
Greenblatt slams Hamas use of Iranian 'blood money' for terror   |  Iran
People who say   I have nothing to hide   misunderstand the purpose of surveillance. It was never about privacy. It's about powe… 
jimin literallt brathed and u attack. i'm tired
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat - Reuters  
KurdishNews_47: !!!!!!18+!!!!!!!
Video of  's terrorists bombing another civilian hospital in Syria.  
Bir   oynatma listesine video ekledim:   Massive Attack - Butterfly Caught
She has islam fever. Lol
Is that the same as transpo ing ISIS fighters from Syria to Afghanistan? The journalist in the…  
requested to order army for intensive firing at forward post of POK without fu…  
“A little extra sleep, a little more slumber, a little folding of the hands to rest— then pove y will pounce on yo…   
Canada: Two  Muslim former University of Manitoba students wanted for  jihad terror activities  
{FLASH} Again, Herdsmen Attack Ogun Communities, Sack 30 Schools   
I don't have numbers for 2017 but wtf is this argument dude?
My friend will you behave yourself?? Don't come and gimme mini hea  attack here oo
Iran says  US jailing of consultant pa  of   psychological warfare   
Human Rights Watch:   BirgitMSchwarz: As  ChemicalWeapons resurface in  Syria,  France launches initiative to ensu…   
Want a bat that makes light work of any attack?
Hashtag   Cardinal Tumi Country Ambazonia and village is under attack his ppls are been massacrer like pigs like in Rwanda 19…
ed: Sho en and DiNatale have secretly agreed to allow 110thou muslims a year to imigrate to Australia. Australians have had e…
Allah's Messenger ﷺ said: Those who do not show mercy to our young ones and do not realize the right of our elders…  
Why don't you put out hate verses against non muslims in Quran &amp; other Islamic literature?  …  
International governments have a duty to stand with the  Iranian people and must increase pressure on the Regime to…  
ex-muslims gotta be the biggest jokes to exist. just bc ur too lazy to learn about islam &amp; wanna remain being an un…  
Israeli researchers discovered that bursts of gentle electricity may slow down the progression of  Alzheimer’s.…  
The Aga Khan Award for Architecture is one of the oldest and most  prestigious awards in architecture. “the spirit…  
Putting the Squeeze on  Iran via Hezbollah The Cipher Brief From selling drugs to profiting from a pig farm, Lebane…   
Join us on  5thFebruary at  Lahore  MochiGateJalsa to show the solidarity with  Kashmir &amp; to share the  Pakistan's…  
wHY DO YOU CONSTANTLY ATTACK ME JEONGHAN IM SO TIRED  
Putting the Squeeze on  Iran via Hezbollah - The Cipher Brief: Putting the Squeeze on  Iran via Hezbollah
What the  kurds of  IRAN and  IRAQ should learn from  Rozhava in  SYRIA and  Afrin
Good .... Go for it
Repeat after me: glitching works. Every time. If you don't have power, reset, and clock monitoring, your chip *will* be pwned… 
The Islamic State’s toxic farewell: Environmental sabotage and chronic disease    
Stewa  on Charlie Hedbo Attack: They Were Killed for Their Ca oons :: Grabien - The Multimedia Marketplace  
So this is why we Continue 2 have a  War on  Marijuana. Because of  Nixon's  AntiSemitism against those who are…  
449 people who criticized Turkish state's attack on Afrin with jihadists and killing of dozens of children, women and elderly… 
I'm always learning. I know that core difference between Islam &amp; Christain is that Muhammad was warri…  
We are proud to announce the official launch of our new website with modern looks and advanced features which coincides…
Turkish jests bombed &amp; destroyed the Ain Dara Hittite temple complex, an archaeological site south of  Afrin. same men… 
A trio of delinquent girls named Inui, Kijima, and Sarukawa attack Himeko, but are easily defeated.  Bot. 
Azerbaijan’s  Gabala bidding for Islamic  Tourism Capital Prize  
Iran Says US Jailing of Consultant Pa  of 'Psychological Warfare' - U.S. News &amp; World Repo : U.S. News &amp; World...  
Papatayin mo ata ako ng maaga! Because you never fail to give me a mini hea  attack whenever I see you.
Greece:  Muslim “refugee,” who asked for protection, arrested for possessing detonators and gas canisters   
The latest The Al trairi Daily News!   Thanks to    iran  syria
No one is above the  law of the land  UK  UKlaw  
U.S. Is Open to Removing Sudan From Terrorism List, Diplomat Says   via   
Please repo  isis 🐀 🐀 🐀 🐀thank you
al-Qaeda's supreme leader in Syria, Mohamad al-Golani,  here with Turkish forces at the  Afrin area,(KILLING kurdish p… 
120dB is a new initiative by a group of German women who refuse to stay silent about migrant rape, violence and te…   
Macro-less malware: The cyclical attack  MalwareandVulnerabilities  
Hundreds of thousands of Kurds were out in Afrin to protest the Turkish invasio…  
I feel a mini hea  attack after knowing namjoon is getting a surgery, I hope you'll get better soon jonnie. Take a…   
i'm ready to be attack by nct 2018
शेफाली mentioned about the book and here is fatwa tweets coming from a so called बुद्…  
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Disarming Voice (IV: 87% - CP: 615 - L: 32 until 05:29:56am.  
Don't kid yourself ISIS is not defeated until it's obliterated meanwhile it simply resting!

Hashtag   Genocide in the Federal Republic Of Ambazonia. Ambazonia the Country and village of Cardinal Tumi of the member's i…
jesus christ, who the fuck do these people think they fucking are   
would be ridiculously  FakeIranPoll if some Farsi speaking persons, led by Ebrahim Mohseni, who also teaches  Iran… 
rebecca holden naked massive attack sex  
From  
h:  Fight for your  Divine  Rightful  Purpose &amp;  Destiny.
Ninetales ♀ Feint Attack/Overheat (IV: 53% - CP: 637 - L: 11 until 05:31:11am.  
this tweet is cursed  
Europe: Making Islam Great Again  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Biaf… 
Tehran mayor, IRGC Brig Gen Ghalibaf said regime has less then 4% suppo , yet  FakeIranPoll by Ebra… 
KashmirSolidarityDay
The latest Doomstead Diner Daily!   Thanks to   ow  afrin  syria
I would call it terrorism  
Join us on  5thFebruary at  Lahore  MochiGateJalsa to show the solidarity with  Kashmir &amp; to share the  Pakistan's…  
adurna: &gt;Hey, I've been defending you for half an hour. Can I at least get a hello?   
Hashtag   Cardinal Tumi Country Ambazonia and village is under attack his ppls are been massacre like pigs like in Rwanda in…
Qasioun_Map -  OliveBranch:  FSA advancing in  Afrin area no hern  Syria's  Aleppo 5-2-2018
The mark of a  GreatLeader is to think independently so if  DonaldTrump can  StopErdogan and  StopMerkel…
:  IDLIB  GHOUTA  SYRIA IS BURNING! SPEAK NOW!!!!!!
Pentagon moves to restrict public knowledge of progress in  Afghanistan
Islam . What Islam  😇😈
Mysterious pool and fountain discovered at ancient Christian site in  Israel |  
When IRGC arresting ppl chanting “death to Khamenei,” no  IranPoll is valid by calling landlines in  Iran , as Ebr… 
Video from Belgium:  Muslim tries to ram Jewish father and son with his car  
The world can see the injustice of  Zionist  Israel but still America will aid them &amp; cut the aid to  Palestine thi…  
Who am I? Someone who wants to help defend many of terrorism and injustice.
Why not hea  attack  
Hashtag   Cardinal Tumi  Country Ambazonia and village is under attack his ppls are been massacrer like Rwanda Genocide in 19…
.  is expanding its  cybersecurity lab in Be'er Sheva,  Israel's  Cyber capital. The lab is operated in collaboration… 
As a mother, I cannot even begin to imagine the agony of the mothers of these innocent babies.  Syria   
Allah's Messenger ﷺ said: Those who do not show mercy to our young ones and do not realize the right of our elders are…
There were people in   who knew it all.
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Dear European Human Rights Chiefs: Fuck off. Europe orders British press NOT to reveal when terrorists are Muslims?…  
I wasn’t referring to that pa  of your tweet, only to the wholesale dismissal of the US role in cre…   
Goodness me, what a worrying thread here on the US's nomination for IOM head and his views. At a time when conversa…   
Islam is never a religion of PEACE.
Count us among those who will do something impo ant for Islam ya Allah. Help us with this dream oh Allah🙏🙏🙏
Hashtag   Cardinal Tumi Country Ambazonia and village is under attack. Ongoing Genocide in Ambazonia carried out by the Illeg…
Islamically, a wife should listen to what her husbands wants from her as long it’s not going against Islamic pr… 
Head of  Turkey’s Religious Affairs   met Saudi Minister of Islamic Affairs, Endowment, Dawa and Guidance Saleh bi… 
St. Ma in News Network - Driver kills four in attack on Dutch Royal Family at public parade.  
NIA arrests man accused of 'conspiring' to sell wife as sex slave to ISIS  
First glimpse of Iran and I’m super impressed at the doors. Top notch.  iran  topnotch…  
It’s like the gathering of the coven .. with Jones the so called conservative champion leading the pack.  
Japan Airlines Self-Defense Force crash again
ASU suppo s work our members in community orgs do so we're standing up against FedGov attacks on advocacy. Voice of community…
Iran regime suppressive forces attack striking workers at Haft Tappeh arresting a large number o…
Pa ition,  OBOR, and  India's Relationship With  China: Q&amp;A With  Author  NisidHajari Ahead of Feb 6  Bookworm Ta…   
Killing Innocents is a crime. Rape is a crime. Stop Killing of Kashmiris. They want freedom. Resistance is not terr…  
Brilliant opening of the keynote from   how do women claim and own physical space and equality! Let’s sta  wit…
It was clear from the beginning that the launch was a circus. Guest speaker was former first lady Grace…  
44'  mufc 0-0  htafc: Another half chance for  ; great counter attack down the right. Smith slipped through  …
You can play your pa  in helping to tackle terrorism. When you repo  suspicious activity, we have a team of expe s… 
He is already too powerful.The State, the Deep State, our Army can only do with appeasement. They simply can… 
Sindh coastal region is about 350 km long and can be divided into the Indus Delta/Creek and Karachi coast.…  
The child Khaled al Bajri died due to explosion of IED in  MaaretAlNuman city in  Idlib suburbs, Feb 3. SNHR were unable to ident… 
Just applied to a job, finished eating dinner, currently listening to Russian Hardbass in a fluffy bathrobe dissoci…   
BREAKING
Sorry,  michelleyeoh for the rushed and sloppy plot-convenience writing this episode.   wa…   
Towards killing of hindus by PFI activities. It's prerogative of central govt to issue ban on this internecine jiha…  
make israel great again ISIS ring leader dump trump..  
Firebird girls win in hea  attack fashion  
When you're playing FIFA and get caught out playing   all out attack 
Is A “Great War” on  Israel's Horizon?
Absofuckinlutely. Done it once before and I'd happily do it a…  
🤨 Calm down. That was not a personal attack on you. It was a general response. I have expe…  
The  Cloverfield  Paradox  Won the  Super  Bowl  Trailer  War ... -   -  Computing  Tech  
Japanese army helicopter crashes into residential area: An Apache attack helicopter crashed into a residential area…
ISIS  Iraq Suzan Aref:   Iraq is only capturing foreign fighters, but not all Iraqis, only if there is clear evidence.   
Except for the jihadi attacks...they are political Islam
Islam Jihadists and Christian fundamentalists are being cut from the same hypocrite tree
Pete ownsend7: Allah the mutilator - Feel the 'peace'  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
If they come up against us in such a [YPG] uniform we will see them as... terrorists   -  Turkey warns US special forces risk bein… 
How I Convinced Diplomats &amp; High Level Decision Making. Ambassador Zamir Akram, Former Permanent Representative of…   
Sach main Allah's Messenger ﷺ said: Those who do not show mercy to our young ones and do not realize the right of o…  
Can you stop attacking everyone just because they left your team , that’s why they leave and that’s why y…   
You managed to use 2 Logical Fallacies in one tweet.
Lmao thought it said g dragon and had a mini hea  attack
Rise in failing States of Africa and Asia, leading to…   
She's already in my top five aunty-terrorists. Pity she had such a sho  career.
For the harmonizer that like to bash Little Mix your faves love too so don't even try to attack. Both are great and there's…
There have been two al-Qaeda groups that endured and attracted  international distinction-al-Qaeda in…  
😍 Allah's Messenger ﷺ said: Those who do not show mercy to our young ones and do not realize the right of our elder…  
Islam is supposed to be a religion of peace. These fanatics need to stop this ridiculous act of s…  
Join us on  5thFebruary at  Lahore  MochiGateJalsa to show the solidarity with  Kashmir &amp; to share the  Pakistan's…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bia… 
If you are following   Road PLEASE vett new follows yourself. The accounts “Shannon” is currently promoting are…
Machete-wielding man shot and arrested in  Iran after trying to break into president's office, Iran government-run… 
No such thing as islamophobia - that word is used by people who conflate criticism of Islam with illogical hatr…
Iran: Man shot and arrested in Iran after trying to break into presidential office: Fars  IranProtests…  
i got to college late and then I had a panic attack so dad took me home and now I’m sat with my dogs what’s new
Demographics and religion combined.  
Skip religion!
How many people will be protesting outside the embassy of Turkey tonight   ? Imagine the outrage and the level…  
So mate this revisionist UK history that u r putting fwd does not tally with the facts. You see terrori…  
That's a wrap. Thank you for joining in on our  BestLyrics &amp; Best Cover Song Vote Attack today!! You all did amazing!! giv…
I request   to take this  Yazidi girl for her  Padmavaat promotion &amp; awards (yes it will get an award for cos…
MOHAMMED PERSONIFIED! This is the magic of ISLAM rubbing off on ordinary people from AFRICA,Arabia,IRAN,…   
Threat of WAR Turkey to   target   US troops in Syria for suppo ing Kurdish ‘terrorists’.   
UK: Threat of WAR Turkey to   target   US troops in Syria for suppo ing Kurdish ‘terrorists’.   
Video showing victims of the Saraqib chlorine attack being treated  
PakistanZindabad Pak army zindabad...proud to be a pakistaniii  Pakistan  
How  Pakistan is using Taliban-linked Haqqani network in  Afghanistan against  India  
I miss this soo much!😍💔😞 was_a_taekwondo_player  fight  Champions 😻😼💚💚  
With ISIS in Iraq defeated, the US military is beginning to draw down from Baghdad 
QT: haa haa haa...Such a Shameful thing madam Why doesn't  Pakistan concentrate on developing their own country fir…  
Obama didn't want to stop ISIS, he created ISIS. ISIS was doing exactly what Obama wanted them to do!!!! 
Boko Haram: One killed, another injured in Borno fresh attack |   
holy shit this literally gave a hea  attack  
Goodness me, what a worrying thread here on the US's nomination for IOM head and his views. At a time when conversations about… 
Pakistan FM to Asharq Al-Awsat: Accusing Islamabad of  Terrorism is Heinous - Asharq Al-awsat English  
2018 been ROCKY AS HELL for me 😂😂 almost had a hea  attack TWICE. had dat super flu. Found out sumbody i cherish not my wa…
How many people have the far right killed in the last year compared to Islam?
Welcome to our 2018 Academic Training Programme students from    …  
Random attack on the R&amp;D tax credit by Polly Toynbee this morning. It helps small firms in my constituency become more p…
i don't know why thinking of you people is so conservative. I m nt a pmln suppo er but we c…  
Such butt, much attack.   
May Under Fire as  Brexit Reality Sparks Conservative Civil  War - Bloomberg    
New post (Pakistani Naat Sharif Videos) has been published on Urdu Islamic Video -    
Second panic attack of the day..let’s try and get it to the third💪🏼😒
Yezidii Genocide
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat  
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
Feminism is the Islam 😂
While Americans favor fentanyl, terrorists apparently prefer tramadol—a cheaper numbing opioid that's legal in the Middl… 
Killing Innocents is a crime. Rape is a crime. Stop Killing of Kashmiris. They want freedom. Resistance is not terrorism. K…
Maybe, maybe not. For me congress or BJP are all the same. And I…   
hate for Modi is so big that   has sta ed hating his own country and he is comparing an ex-navy officer,his own… 
stop giving me a hea  attack!!!
hkhypy1:  HTTP Possible HTTP attack from 106.75.92.187  
…  
cause i get to attack you miss BegWan
No one said drinking alcohol is permissible. But the fact is that some Muslims do. J…  
Let the  BestLyrics Mendes Army Vote Attack begin! You can vote on twitter (reply, retweet, retweet replies &amp; quote), inst… 
Children in the central hospital of Ma'aara in  Syria  Idlib right after tonight's attack.
It's 6:36 AM AND I NEED TO RUN AND JUMP AND ATTACK AND OH LOOK I CAN CLIMB THE CHAIR EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE  flkittykhaleesi
The very fact that you constantly have the need to say   Islam is a religion of peace   is proof on itself that Islam is… 
Hero - Man carrying concealed pistol stops attack on Utah police officer    FoxNews
Russian SU-25SM  pilot who was  shotdown in  Syria blows himself with a  grenade! ( VIDEO)
new  Iran poll: three-qua ers of Iranians backed    in August 2015, now only 55% do. 2/3 say  'not wo hwhi… 
Alluhu Akbar! Inbound to  USA Canada?  63% of Rapists in Britain ARE  Muslim Kebab Men-Savages.  
Pakistan backed 15 terrorists killed and 7 wounded, also 5 pakistani national IED engineers arrested and 3 mine LAB…   
More  Islamic State jihadis now in UK than Britons in  Syria fighting the Islamic State  
Thanks very intrigued to find out What happens know to dingle family vengeance plans after…  
“They say now that they will call us back. I have no house – it was burned down,” says Islam. “Who will pay me for…   
If you believe that only a small percentage of Muslims harbour extreme views read this repo :
KashmirSolidarityDay   MochiGateJalsa  Join us on  5thFebruary 2018  at  Lahore   KashmirDay  to show the solidari…  
WOW!! This is serious but I can’t help laughing LMMFAO
European human rights chiefs order British press NOT to reveal when terrorists are Muslims  | Daily Mail Online  
Voila. Every. Single. Time. Always. Noticing. Things.  
How about your terrorism in Balochistan?
chirping the same MSM propaganda word for word by the West    hezbollah labeled by the  US as terrorists   you get mo…   
Action man.... he had loads, all the kit, vehicles, etc. I had one, and his motorcycle side car. 
Islamic prayer ritual reduces back pain and increases joint elasticity, study finds.  Amazing   
Its time to go to work!   
It's definitely time that the world learns that  Turkey is also unleashing a  jihadist group on Afrin that beheaded a c…
Turkey has so far detained 573 people for social media posts and protests criticizing its military offensive in…  
Friends, The Kashmir to be freed is PAKISTAN OCCUPIED KASHMIR which is used to train TERRORISTS...the…   
We Planned To Attack Ondo - Arrested Boko Haram Suspect   via    
MOSUL, Iraq (Reuters) - The Iraqis who have come home to Mosul's Old City knew it would be hard living in the rubbl…   
Allah's Messenger ﷺ said: Those who do not show mercy to our young ones and do not realize the right of our elders…  
DID you know? the  iranpoll is on  Iran  IRGC press! Ebrahim Mohsen is their mwn  FakeIranPoll    …
Bottom line surely is that Mark and Paul in this regard have a subjecti…  
American guns in ISIS hands: See which US-made weapons the terrorists now have - Houston Chronicle  
Happy  IndependenceDay ,  SriLanka 🇱🇰! 
Trump will lay out red carpet for Malcolm Turnbull later this month to talk terrorism and defence  
DHS State Dept Enlist  Terrorist Group to Conduct Anti  Terrorism Training  Trump  
Yangheelee a consparater
Turkey's attack on Afrin will lead to more instability and return of Jihadi terrorists to the area, says Iran forei…   
My recent interview with   ibon of    Iran  IranProtests  Pahlavi  WeWillReclaimIran  
The   tells    that in America   maybe there's a lack of understanding of Islam,   adds  tha…   
I JUST SAW MY ENEMIE AFTER A LONG TIME AND I LOST IT I JUST RAN AWAY SO FAST AND THEY PROBS NOTICED ME AND UHHH I W…  
I like his video on Islam having a bi h defect. Mo was ignored when he was peaceful and only sta e…  
Ahead of  Iraq Elections, Maliki Sparks Early Debate over Position of Prime Minister   
Looks like double standards, AGENDA LIB LAW UK. Not looking good for the future. Remember brits never voted for this islamic im… 
Humanrights  Iran Iran: Mother pressured ask her sons to break their hunger strike - The Depa ment of Intelligence of Sanand…
Dutton is on the attack. Stand in solidarity with multicultural Australia - sign the petition!   via    auspol
ISIS Style Killings Taking Shape In India!
When Black Lives are Under Attack, what do we do?    StockleyProtests  StockleyVerdict  PhuckPiersMorgan   
Rajouri Attack - Pakistan Used Missiles To Target Indian Army’s Forward Posts Along LoC...  
Retweet, Like, and Comment!   shared  Fight at  Graduation in  Los ...  Atlanta_Fights…   
Civil activist Ali Nouri was released on bail. He had been arrested on December 30, during  IranProtests &amp; held in the quarant… 
There is nothing Holy about that Book.  
It was about the claim in the a icle, which is that the US is transpo ing ISIS fighters from Syria t…   
Severe condemnation of  SwatAttack. Our brave valiant soldiers embraced  ma yrdom. Thoughts with families and prayers for…
3  ISIS fighters and 2  Libya army soldiers were killed in clashes on the 3rd February
This is common in India till the last 1000 years they did in the name of expansion of islam now they…  
That's an oxymoron their religion does not allow free speech of the individual, promotes only their evil propaganda! https:… 
you’d be good at this  
Observing 5th february means to convey a message to the world that,  Pakistan would not step back an Inch from its…   
KashmirSolidarityDay   MochiGateJalsa  Join us on  5thFebruary 2018  at  Lahore   KashmirDay  to show the solidari…  
nude images of bollywood actress porn attack  
FifthFebADayOfKashmir means to convey the message to the world that  Pakistan and Mu…
Opposition from the Quraysh -   -  SeerahOfProphetMuhammedPBUH  ramadan  islam  
Isn't there any? No correlation at all? For sure? We have not accepted these neurosurgeons and nuclear p…  
Will Can't Dissolved 6-7 Months After 5 Years Terms Until Approval From The President Of Islamic Republic of PAKISTAN,… 
Marriage to Khadija and the Re-building Kaa'ba -   -  SeerahOfProphetMuhammedPBUH  ramadan…  
Philippines fight against ISIS grinds on, victory still 'weeks' away 
[guy from isis prank voice] WHAT IS THIS
Allah's Messenger ﷺ said: Those who do not show mercy to our young ones and do not realize the right of our elders…  
Boko Haram: One killed, another injured in Borno fresh attack   
Surprise vote attack!💥🔥
Suffragettes were inspirational not terrorists  . 7uv5 
US and Argentina to work together against Hezbollah    govhack  Reuters  iran
UK:   Suffragettes were inspirational not terrorists  . 7uv5 
Humanrights  Iran Iran Human Rights Monitor, monthly repo  – January 2018 - Iran Human Rights Monitor, monthly repo  Januar… 
I know very little Turkish, but it does sound like he said “giysi” (clothes) and “t…   
Deluded!  
Stand with us on Wednesday 7 February when we'll highlight once again how violence &amp; occupation impact the lives of Palesti…
Daraa  Syria
When IRGC arresting ppl chanting “death to Khamenei,” no  IranPoll is valid by calling landlines in  Iran , as Ebr… 
The latest The Al trairi Daily News!   Thanks to    iran  syria
Uganda to publish Islamic banking rules soon -central bank
Humanrights  Iran Iran: Religious authority demands death for protesters - Head of Friday Prayers in Tehran, Ahmad Khatami, e… 
Just one question. Why did Sharmila Tagore become Ayesha Khatun? Love!!! Fact is,… 
If I don’t have a panic attack while watching infinity war I think y’all are gonna have to give me a fucking medal…  
That is not an attack, it's a honest say/view...... 
Heading towards a  foodcoma  after this rather basic Israeli breakfast... 
Singapore preparing for   terrorists   that will attack   when, not if  . 
US sta s cutting military presence in  Iraq following  IS defeat — repo s
Is A “Great War” on  Israel's Horizon?
Turkey detains nearly 600 for opposing Syrian offensive    Iran
Thailand expects 300,000 tourists from China during Lunar New Year    Iran 
Turkey's attack on Afrin will lead to more instability and return of Jihadi terrorists to the area, says Iran foreign m… 
Another case that simply proved what Trump said about another Hispanic judge.. With all of the hyperbole I sincerel…  
Humanrights  Iran Head of Prison Organization gives repo  on protest detainees - Alireza Rahimi, a member of the National Se… 
Beyond belief. But true.  
Your biggest fan just got jailed for life for terrorism, you fuckwitted imbecile.   
and Europeans as 'those who want to punish us'.  
Wasn't disagreeing just highlighting an area such as Brighton can be affected by crime, on…   
Humanrights  Iran Political prisoners Atena Daemi and Golrokh Iraee launch hunger strike - Political prisoners, Atena Daemi a… 
Upcoming  Presentation series for readers:
Why are you washing the guys for chlorine attack ?? You fool..when you acting get the facts correct
PopeRefuseKillerErdogan  It is symbolic if a main figurehead of the western world and its values rejects Fascism and…
zis: Love and compassion are multilingual and colour-blind.  love  compassion  marriage  Islam  Quran  
☆ 9-11 AND STEALTH JEWISH    politics  war  peace  history  news   war  politics  history  peace  news
.Another dodgy dossier!  Iraq  FISA  ProjectFear1 now  ProjectFear2  
Europe: Making Islam Great Again
kashmir bane GA  pakistan.
Lots I disagree with in this by   the nod to leftists &amp; quote by progressive Omid Safi, but also a great deal… 
Tensions on the rise between  Israel and  Lebanon over a disputed area at sea which is said to be rich in gas and oil
(5)   Pro-government Turkish media said the tank attack was carried out with an anti-tank missile given to the YPG by the… 
You can't escape d saying : a shoulder to cry on always turn to a d**k ...😂😂😂 watch closer  
rollscater egga dho 😂😂  
No child should have to return home before it is safe. Right now, many pa s of  Syria are unsafe for children.   -  … 
Kenya:  Muslim students stab, beat  Christian students for refusing to conve  to  Islam   
Up to you. He’s never going to get moderates like myself on board with style of messaging. Bc basi…  
Isis, the Virgin of the World 
Haley warns African conflicts becoming 'breeding ground' for terrorists    
She was known as the goddess with ten thousand appellations and was metamorphosed by Christianity into the Virgin M…  
got7 not coming to nyc for the turbulence fanmeets was a personal attack, ruined 2017 for me, made me an anti for like 2 mon… 
I don’t think Roni would survive a bear attack 😅
heKurds: It is a moral obligation for   to refuse Erdogan while his AQ and ISiS terrorists attack cleanse Christians and o…
HSNB condemn in strongest terms the attacks on  Afrin and especially barbaric attacks against women fighters. Women of  Syria w…
Thought he was going to have a hea  attack.  😂
There is pressure on Iraqi government to end US military presence in Iraq. In order to avoid clashes following US '…  
facial expression of a hea  attack with an emoji😱😱😱 there shocked!
The   needs to put sanctions on  india for their unlawful occupation of  Kashmir. Kashmir and its people will always be a…
IDF uses VIOLENCE on Palestinian children    gaza  palestine
Counter attack: How to fight the fakes in 2018
OnTheNewsLine with   to discuss  WorldHijabDay to raise public awareness and counter religious discrimination…
Turkish backed jihadist militia near  afrin singing a jihadi song  StopAfrinGenocide  
For  Man  viagra  tablets  at  My  Shop 101  in  Pakistan.
Europe: Making Islam Great Again:  
Obama administration purged   training courses and information a… 
Pakistan Wholesale Prices year-on-year at 4.7% 
KashmirSolidarityDay   MochiGateJalsa  Join us on  5thFebruary 2018  at  Lahore   KashmirDay  to show the solidari…  
It would be ridiculously  FakeIranPoll if some Farsi speaking persons, led by Ebrahim Mohseni, who also teaches  I… 
Kenya: Muslim students stab, beat Christian students for refusing to conve  to Islam 
Why Israeli fighter jets aren’t enough to solve Egypt's ISIS problem  
At least the have been spared the influence of mohammed.
Are you for real? Lol. Did God said ew to you? He knows whats best for us so stop questioning Him. To have menses a…  
Lowy think tank : Australia and  UAE cooperation to impose war against  Iran
Mahatma Gandhidas must be deeply hu  after recent attack by his Opposition Friends.  LOL
Don't tell   she been trying to get everyone to consider putting one on as the revolutionary…  
I liked a   video   Stockholm Terror Attack (Witness is Crisis Management) BROTHER SPA ACUS
Abdus Salam: The real story of  Pakistan's Nobel prize winner
02:03am The Pacific To Be Specific - Andrew Jackson Jihad - AJJ/Flaspar/Golden Boots: Split(S/R)
Omg. Who the heck does my mom think she is leaving the house at 2am. Giving me a mini hea  attack when she doesn't…  
ISIS turned this young Iraqi Christian into an atheist  
Tell that to the terrorists that keep killing thousands of people.
And the East Germans want it bank to stem the Islamic invasion. They've already lived under an oppressive regime.
Humans Aren’t The Only Casualties of  War–Wild  Animals Also Suffer  
Memri: Reactions By Russian Politicians And Businessmen Included On The Kremlin List    Islamic  Jihad
On whose watch did ISIS emerge, Leon?   
Papatayin mo ata ako ng maaga! Because you never fail to give me a mini hea  attack whenever I see you.
What a  SuperBowlLII game that was. Both teams going at it and going down to the wire.  foles was outstanding, taki…   
Why Israeli fighter jets aren’t enough to solve Egypt's ISIS problem  
Russian  airstrikes kill eight, injure 40 in  Syria’s  Idlib 
We attack members of Parliament  
BIG MISTAKE!!!!  
Pictures: ISIS child soldiers armed to the teeth and prepared for battle with Syrian Army in south Damascus…  
Shaheed  CaptainKapilKundu had said   Life should be big, Not long   ! Thank you !  Grateful  Ma yr 🇮🇳   
You managed to use 2 Logical Fallacies in one tweet.
New Story: First to die:    sho story  scifi  sciencefiction  space  spaceship  war
.  revealed views of US candidate for   chief, Ken Isaacs on Islam and climate. Here are his vie… 
Next week, I’ll be delivering my public lecture for   and will be talking about the trial of  DarrenOsborne a… 
Could Saudi Arabia be suspended from UN  HumanRightsCouncil?
Boko Haram: One killed, another injured in Borno fresh attack 
I feel warm and fuzzy. Sending my iKONICS lots of finger hea s ❤  
Some stories you know will stay with you for the rest of your life.
I believe in Islam like
Peshawar: Br. Irfan Haider has been appointed as Secretary General of Islami  Jamiat-e-Talaba  Pakistan for session 2…
India ‘plans to attack’ CPEC installations  
Horrible news!  Turkish warplanes targeted &amp; destroyed the famous Temple of   AinDara in  Afrin. The Iron Age Syro-Hittit…
Beyond belief. But true.  
Seven Months later Sadiq Khan still does not know the whereabouts of hundreds of ISIS fighters he let into London? Not…
•Pillars of Islam
Senator Molan said he rejected any suggestion he was racist.
looking for a team for a controlled training session Thursday, set piece, attack/def etc. Y Pant 4g 8-9.   ? 
Democrats gave 9,500 Visas to Terrorists &amp; released 66,000 Criminal Aliens😡 
NAHHHHHHHH CHRISTIANITY IS A JEWISH CULT AND ISLAM WAS STA ED BY A MECCA MONKEY WHO DID…  
Thank you   for keeping everyone safe in Minneapolis  SemperFi. Where was  Antifa w…  
Greenblatt: Iran gives Hamas $100 million annually for terrorism - Ynetnews  
I’m sorry, can you repeat that? 🤔   
Boko Haram: One killed, another injured in Borno fresh attack |   
On this day, in 1944,  Colossus made its first attack on  Lorenz in anger. Now 74 years later the powerful…   
:  RDP Possible RDP attack from 5.101.40.67  
Pat Robe son has committed himself to Islam, the true path, in the waning light of his final days. Please  .   
ChlorineGas may not kill as many as  Sarin but it does kill. It kills kids, elderly…   
Iraq could perhaps experiment with gun free zones, as the case is with central Karbala near the shrines. The no car…   
496 people faced arbitrary arrests in January. 87% of these by regime
Incredible ex Muslim, ex wife of Isis commander says Mohammed is Satan!    
It just blows my mind how 1 tricking is still allowed in Competitive Overwatch and its Season 8. There shouldn't be a disc…
Homeboy would have an asthma attack like all of us  
“All terrorism is politics. All this nonsense of religious terrorism. There’s no such thing as religious terrorism.…  
So nothing to do with Islam, 
@ enews: Salah Abdeslam is on trial in connection to a shooting that preceded his capture and suicide bombings in Brussels in March 201…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bia… 
Trump White House Calls Out Media For Scrubbing Jihad Terror Attacks from News Repo s, Enemedia Quislings Howl ...   
Arrest  WarCriminals  Putin  Assad  Biya  MohammedbinSalman
KashmirSolidarityDay   MochiGateJalsa  Join us on  5thFebruary 2018  at  Lahore   KashmirDay  to show the solidari…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
Hea  Attack
Just sat drinking coffee musing on shit in bed, Asif the people who work for universal credit are given financial i…   
MASS VOTE ATTACK — We need to vote harder Army! We have to widen the gap. There’s still a MONTH left of…
Watch: Lucknow woman opens fire on goons to save husband under attack   via  
I respect what you're trying to do but  5.....trying to defend or counter Breitba 's terrible tweet with somethi…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
'groans, shooting you a glare 
This is how seriously  BBC takes the lives of  Syria people who have endured 7 years of UK/US financed terrorism la…  
“ China also wants to reach  CentralAsia and  Russia through  Kabul ( Afghanistan). In such a scenario, peace in Kabul is im… 
ANTIFA |  Turkey, the second biggest army of NATO is...  Syria  No hAtlanticTreatyOrganization…   
5 Feb 2015
Within 4 years this truly shows that    is A hypocrite 🤷🏾‍♂️   should not stay as our presi…  
Know that there’s a wisdom in the separation. Otherwise, Allah wouldn’t have chosen it for you.  Muslims  Life  Islam h… 
My mum had a hea  attack last night, in unbearable pain &amp; couldn't stop being sick. Because of the speed &amp; skill of 2 wo… 
Israel is a signatory of   yet systematically denies&amp;abuses the rights of Palestinian children Suppo  👉🏼  …
True. Darul-Islam would he achieved. We already broke this country into 3 in 1947. Wait f…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
US Air Force kills combat demo for light attack aircraft  
nude islam girls home made video hot sexy blowjob  
This is what the Democrats want to take away, another statistic that could have happened for both cop or subject if…   
Machete-wielding man repo edly shot by guards near president's office in Tehran  
The Spanish Government are protecting tourist sites after attacks happened in Barcelona.
Iran confirms it granted brief leave to ailing US citizen
Because Obama put me in!  
No reasonable person would conduct a  IranPoll in a repressive country like  Iran where protesters R arrested…
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes   via…  
Hinduism  Greek  jewish Read 1 get 150 topics grasp site:What made the Islamic empire transmit so much of knowledge  
What a disgraceful insult towards so many wonderful Canadians whom are of Italian descent  
Oh hello, anxiety attack.  Sup.  Good for you to strike at literally 404 
49.8% of Iranians, both women and men, consider the Islamic veil a private matter and think the government should h…   
Join us at To Exposed The Indian Terrorism In Occupied Kashmir
Aurangabad. Attack in office of block developement officer ( BDO) of panchayat samiti.  BDO beaten by Prahar sangha…  
Warplanes bombed a hospital in Kafr Nabel town this morning.  Idlib  Syria  
It has been the dream of Nigerian authorities &amp; their security agents to labelled the Movement   violent   or   terror…   
EMP Attack Threat Is Real  Bo Hudson  bushcraft  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
496 people faced arbitrary arrests in January. 87% of these by regime
GeorgeSoros linked to funding  human trafficking and  terrorism
strap attack porn pussy sanaa lathan  
Muslim  pjnet  My new book will be on Islam and history. Please follow   for updates. Thanks! Peter
That you've got your head up your arse to see the…  
Harboring Terrorist for Decades !
Only the Elite Left benefit from  Europe’s uncontrolled  Muslim  migration  Crisis-Stand up &amp; resist  
Ralph Lauren perfumes collection for men and women.  Perfumes  Brands  Fragrances  Shopping  Online  Pakistan...  
Review: Turkey’s Operation Euphrates Shield is Shielding What? Indeed Turkey is shielding a region…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Our sole aim is to teach our  Students the latest strategies and mindset, so they can attack the  FinancialMarkets…   
Love muslims, not Islam. 
The victim has stated in the complaint that Riyaz lured, raped and recorded her objectionable videos. (By  )… 
First day of the trial of prime suspect in the November 2015 Paris attacks Salah Abdeslam at the   Palais de Justice…   
Please repo  isis 🐀🐀🐀🐀 Can you remove this account
Whitehelmets Father of Invention: Media Po rayed Grief Stricken Dad Turns Out To Be al-Nusra Front Terrorist https:/…
KashmirSolidarityDay   MochiGateJalsa  Join us on  5thFebruary 2018  at  Lahore   KashmirDay  to show the solidari…  
This book explores the new attack strategy that the organizations    Cybersecurity  Bitcoin  
Russia Holds Dozens of Ukrainians Hostage. What Will Happen to Them?
ANC members attack a bakkie full on handsoffzuma and BLF members outside Luthuli House.    LuthuliHouse
Yet we are the most religious ones,these impo ed religions are clearly against us as a people...both Islam and Christianity.… 
it's not my fault you don't understand, you inability to view facts and…   
This book explores the new attack strategy that the organizations    Cybersecurity  Bitcoin  
The best way to defend is to attack not the other way around, by attacking you fo… 
Antifascists' patrol in Athens area of Agios Panteleimonas where Golden dawn most used to attack immigrants some years ago…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
📱📹🦒
The UN has been and always will be a useless money grabbing corrupt piece of shit  
Sifuna: NRM’s Miguna suffers asthma attack
US hawks were sooo concerned about lost credibility when Obama didn't enforce his red lines. (Not as much about civ…  
We Are Islam !  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan   via the   Android app 
Like or   and I will ship you with someone  ThisIsUs  OTDirecto5F  CloverfieldParadox  KashmirSolidarityDay…  
The attack is confirmation of your greatness. He doesn’t want you to reach your full potential 🙏🏽
GOOGLE NEWS FULL RSS FEED from any keyword   | Sta up | Freelance bl…  
Tallest skyscraper in the world? Terrorists? A fire? THE ROCK? You have my attention  
you once said there is no love jihad. Never separate love birds. I think you said it in a b…  
Rite Allah's Messenger ﷺ said: Those who do not show mercy to our young ones and do not realize the right of our el…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Iranian meddling vs Saudi border security + an Islamic dispute - Shia vs Sunni. Trade in arms is a red her…  
Well now we know what the attack adds will be doing in the next election. Can't even see Jer…  
The   tells    that in America   maybe there's a lack of understanding of Islam,   adds  that the p… 
This Young Man’s Poignant Poem Captures The Pain Of Every Indian  Muslim Who’s Called A Pakistani…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
VigilPatriot tweeted - When you are studying Mohammed, you are studying Islam.   PoliticalIsl…   
Only the Elite Left benefit from  Europe’s uncontrolled  Muslim  migration  Crisis-Stand up &amp; resist  
It Is Not Anti- Semitism That Is On the Rise, but Sympathy for  Israel Is Declining 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
I can't believe   just followed my MINI PANIC ATTACK !! 😮💕  
The day’s news was discouraging. There was another terrorist attack. Two countries squabbled about a rogue...  
Turkish authorities announced the arrest of 573 people for their criticism on social media or demonstrations against the mi…
A  wounded  kid receives medical  treatment at a  fieldhospital after an  airstrike in  Idlib,  Syria  AA   
ISIS collapses under SAA offensive in east Hama
Will continue giving befitting reply: Army vice chief on ceasefire violation by  Pakistan   Kashmir…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
EU is putting together their own Army, betting they will need it in the very near future.   
umm Allah's Messenger ﷺ said: Those who do not show mercy to our young ones and do not realize the right of our eld…  
In a  World where  People are going through real  Hea  Ache  War   Terrorist attacks,  Death of a lov…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
US hawks were sooo concerned about lost credibility when Obama didn't enforce his red lines. (Not as much about civilian…
Dear European Human Rights Chiefs: Fuck off. Europe orders British press NOT to reveal when terrorists are Muslims?? http…
RIP Nacho! 😢
Sudan Still a “State Sponsor of Terrorism”?  
have some mercy on us will you  SiyahBeyazAşk  AsFer
NRM is a terrorist organization. If you are a sympathizer of NRM you can be a sympathizer of AlShabaab, BokoHaram, AlQaeda, LRA 
No poll in  Iran under dictatorship unless a  FakeIranPoll When IRGC arresting ppl chanting “death to Khamenei…
RegimeChange Is Coming In  Iran
islam has no ethical value at all.  
BIFF2018 recommends: “ Last Men In Aleppo” - the story of Khaled, Mahmoud, and Subhi volunteered at the white helm…   
US sta s Iraq drawdown after defeat of Islamic State group  
wow hoseokie, how can you attack us like this.  my hea ! 
Another one of those terrorists in Europe. Anything from the lefties?  
terrible typographers - they're the real terrorists!
Islam scholar Tariq Ramadan charged with rape  
nytimesworld: The fighters’ escape threatens to undermine U.S. asse ions that the Islamic State has been largely d…  
This debate will happen while we're vigilling. In February we'll keep up pressure to end Israeli military detention of Pale…
PoliticalIslam tweeted - Singapore preparing for   terrorists   that will attack   when, not if  . 
KashmirSolidarityDay is observed on February 5 in  Pakistan to pledge Pakistan's suppo  to oppressed Kashmiris.
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 223.132.224.17  
bilkol Allah's Messenger ﷺ said: Those who do not show mercy to our young ones and do not realize the right of our…  
I don't have missiles &amp; jets &amp; guns to protect these lovely children from Gaza, but I have the weapons of choice for those o… 
haRoby,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Machete-wielding man repo edly shot by guards near president's office in Tehran    
Here we gooo  iHea Awards  BTSARMY  BestFanArmy  
Against the fetish of the vote:   for Asian, African and Indigenous Australian women, anticolonial movements were th…   
KashmirSolidarityDay   MochiGateJalsa  Join us on  5thFebruary 2018  at  Lahore   KashmirDay  to show the solidari…  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bi… 
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
A 24-year-old man was hurriedly buried like a   criminal   by security forces in  Iran after he was shot at a protest. The agents… 
Cat attack   qua  
Stop spreading lies &amp; half truths ! Stop playing with national security !!!
. 
Iran's presidential guard shoots, wounds man carrying sword  RegimeChange  FreeAllProtesters IranOpposition…   
Gripping!!!
February 5 is the day to show solidarity with our Kashmiri brethren to let them know they are not alone.  Pakistan…  
When direct debits attack your account 😭 I don’t want to adult anymore 😩
Join us at To Exposed The Indian Terrorism In Occupied Kashmir
t: My piece on  AQIM's rise in  WestAfrica &amp; why local jihadists play a major role for http…
This guy should get his facts correct; Muslims ofcourse believe on Jesus but they dont agree to the fact that he is…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Kashmir is an   Unfinished Agenda   of pa ition. Kashmir is jugular vein of 🇵🇰  Pakistan. 
Im sorry for the lack of streams the past few days. Ive had a severe migraine attack that i really cant shake. I wa…  
Yes babe. Set Iran free!
you are either a boko haramist or a fulani herdsman or an islamic terrorist. There is no doubt.   @…
NotATarget: Airstrikes targeted  Kafranbil Surgical  Hospital in  Syria  Idlib this morning
Brexit has morphed into an attack on the institutions and uncodified constitution of the UK. The expe ise and impa ia… 
At first, the  Kurds were like   We'll never let the Syrian Army into  Afrin, we'll do it on our ow…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
The United States is taking a tough stance on suspected chemical weapon attacks in  Syria.
Croatia eyeing investment oppo unities in Iran
Hopefully, this decisive show of aggressive power will shore up all of our middle eastern failures   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
…  
When a person's tongue becomes quiet and friendly, 
Miscreants attack man outside his residence  
The story continues... (2/2)  
Again, herdsmen attack Ogun communities, sack 30 schools - By Daud Olatunji ABEOKUTA—SUSPECTED Fulani herdsmen have ag… 
Doesnt help i had panic attack
As  Muslims believe Quran was revealed by God  ep3_M&amp;S  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
I think it will lead to a bullying and autocratic regime if they come to power- but the mai…
Bone chilling speech about threat of Islam in Europe   via  
Is Jim Molan the new ABBC chief? Whoever he is has hit the round running with this attack on workers rights. It rea…  
Map  Afrin -  FSA captured Tall Kashur (Surke) village in  Rajo district west of  Afrin.
Terror
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Under the ISISlamist dictatorship of jihadist Erdogan, Turkey has become the MOST oppressive regime on ea h (exclu…   
Strongly condemn the suicide attack on army unit spo s area in Swat in which eleven including our soldiers and officer were…
Or, your Pa y could stop using it as a means to attack citizens with threats of pove y and destitution, scrap the…   
There is nothing called Indian-Muslim. It can at Max be Muslim-Indian. All that matters is Ummah and Jihad.
Probe into attack on army cadet at Katehaki metro station | News    
There are 8 types of jihad, explains a former jihadist: 
They are terrorists like you, all of you.   
Wapo Syrian activists: 2 hospitals hit amid intense bombardment    Syria
Awesome investigative journalism. Fantastic policing! Organised crime, drug money laundering &amp; terrorism financing…   
represented today at the 'preserving the architectural and urban heritage of post war iraq' seminar…  
Katie Hopkins hu s them were it hu s . Her weapon of choice . “ The Truth” . People are just scared…  
FreeIran  Iran  IranianProtests
It remains to be seen how long people of India brook state terrorism against people of Jammu&amp;Kashmir and deny them right to…
Hmm Allah's Messenger ﷺ said: Those who do not show mercy to our young ones and do not realize the right of our eld…  
Well, I have a better idea, lets cut oil selling to Turkey...   
h: Some stories you know will stay with you for the rest of your life.
that's quite a good question? how could they trust Qatar?  Qatar  Terrorism  hypocrisy
Obama’s ‘cultural terrorism’ left trust deficit abroad   via  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
Few days after the U.S. accuses  Syria of using chemical weapons on opposition forces near  Damascus, Britain-based Syria… 
“The Kurds aren’t terrorists. The terrorist sits in Turkish president’s chair in Ankara,” 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
KashmirSolidarityDay   MochiGateJalsa  Join us on  5thFebruary 2018  at  Lahore   KashmirDay  to show the solidari…  
It is a fanfic or it is true missing scene ? 
isangirl:   At first, the  Kurds were like   We'll never let the Syrian Army into  Afrin, we'll do it on our own  , la… 
India24News24   MoIB_Official: Kashmiris demand the presence of International Observers in Kashmir to witness the…  
While whole  Pakistan stands with  Kashmir
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
and Europeans as 'those who want to punish us'.  
in   Oh yeah, the first WTC bombing too, Abel Danger links both GHW Bush &amp; Hillary…   
DO U REALLY HAVE TO ATTACK US???? THIS WAY????  
Russia has sta ed the delivery of T-90S tanks to  Iraq.  
Let's examine.
May Under Fire as  Brexit Reality Sparks Conservative Civil  War - Bloomberg    
Got proper into it yesterday and lost my voice.. When it comes to suppo ing my friends I go all out especially when everyo…
Turkey must respect  Syrian sovereignty and review external policies - Iranian MFA
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
Fighting between  Lashkar-e-islam  LeI and  IslamicState  Daesh made large numbers of casualties for both sides in…  
“British women’s history was never contained to British mainland...rights were not bestowed by the state, but extra…   
Imran responds to Nawaz’s allegations on KP govt    Pakistan
It was 'technically,' now 'completely.' Until the next attack 
In the first match of the show,   defeated   in a 20:00 bout with the Rack Attack 2.0. 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
This is how seriously  BBC takes the lives of  Syria people who have endured 7 years of UK/US financed terrorism largely…
🚨 VOTE ATTACK (Pa  3) // DAY 1
This picture explains the end of  Pashtuns in  Punjabistan aka  Pakistan
Terrorist Attack on Russian Embassy in Kabul Foiled.
.WWW.CHANDEREMPIREINC.COM
I’m brave because I attack the average person in a group I’m trying to represent by insulting them, belittling them and swear… 
About time we highlighted the shabby way we treat ex servicemen.We should feel embarrassed&amp;humiliated that terroris…  
Thousands of ISIS Fighters Flee in Syria, Many to Fight Another Day   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Zahedan, on Friday Feb 3: 
I've just posted on my Blog about: Thousands of ISIS Fighters Flee in Syria, Many to Fight Another Day   
...In Adamawa that has produced 2 christian govs o, it's not in Zamfara s…   
\THREAD\ Contrary to what you may be reading on Twitter, polling in  Iran has a very long history. Please resist the urge… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
aPetrosillo: Totally agree. And a special thought to all those Christian women who, not only in Iran, are fo… 
Propaganda by omission, you forgot to mention Idlib  is in control of terrorists, man…   
All muslims are good and they are victims so they have all the right to kill rape blast and prove their religious suprem…
Snkwjjddjs I literally had a hea  attack when I saw the hashtag  GetWellSoonNamjoon
ID LordePhoenix / Server S26 / Plataform Android
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Is Jim Molan the new ABBC chief? Whoever he is has hit the round running with this attack on workers rights. It really i…
The Kashmir issue can be resolved, and I strongly believe that the present Indian government is capable of doing it…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
HELP THEY MADE AN ATTACK ON TITAN REFERENCE IN DRV3  
Syrian Civil Defense (aka white helmets) has never pretended to be everywhere or do everything. They were…  
Trump cuts Meals on Wheals,Medicaid,education,healthcare,school lunches,and then sells guns to the… 
KashmirSolidarityDay   MochiGateJalsa  Join us on  5thFebruary 2018  at  Lahore   KashmirDay  to show the solidari…  
There is difference between religious symbols and culture which person of ant size brain like you won't underst…
RespectMen  Salute to brave  ArmyMen who has sacrificed his life as Ma yr for nation !  MensRights  MensRightsareHum…
Hu ,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Azerbaijan’s Gabala bidding for Islamic Tourism Capital Prize
GoodHealth…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Israel and Egypt in secret pact against ISIS  
WizKids Previews Independent Faction Pack For Star Trek:  Attack Wing    
Corrupt  Comey Wasted NO Time Coming Out On Twitter To Attack &amp; Mock The  FISAMemoRelease
As a mother, I cannot even begin to imagine the agony of the mothers of these innocent babies.  Syria   
Just posted a photo @ International Islamic University Malaysia  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Every single time I hear there's a terrorist attack in Europe you can find me in front…  
It’s all the same, just a different name. Islamic terror. Depo  the imams. Bug the mosqu…   
Isis, the Virgin of the World 
“British women’s history was never contained to British mainland...rights were not bestowed by the state, but extracted fr… 
New post (Titty Attack – Skeet In The Shell  ...) has been published on  -   -
Do Gods r mo als for being liberal,secure and to say unkind word? Are Islam and Christianity liberal?Try…   
Warplanes bombed a hospital in Kafr Nabel town this morning.  Idlib  Syria  
The Terrorist Attack Cycle Remains Unbroken - Stratfor Worldview  
Calvinism is like Islam in that it helps people imagine God is in complete control. So it helps people a…  
Next to John Howard, Tony Abbott, Peter Dutton, Malcolm Turnbull, Jim Molan. And if they were still alive, Bob Menzies, Ha… 
empornium repo ed attack site nude men lockerroom  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bi… 
They snickered, when he announced 
md shahalom Hossain and shawon Islam my student  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
PPP has nominated  KrishnaKumari daughter from the family of great warrior of  Sindh  RooploKolhi, sister of…   
Top 20 Best Selling Religion &amp; Spirituality Islam, Bahaism &amp; Other Religions Magazines (2018)   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
University of  T…
Prophet Muhammad pbuh, predicted Petro Dollar Monetary system before 1400 year  islam   
🔸Ahmed Benchemsi (Human Rights Watch): We have called since June 2016 for the immediate suspension of  SaudiArabia…  
Surprisingly got flagged on  GitHub while creating “gists” from own DAICO sma  contract code for today’s post on M…  
Road   They had a Vegas PD detail at the ME office sho ly after the “attack” he committed  
The 7500 remarkable women fighting ISIS.it's time you know who they are YPG  PKK  YPJ  Kurds http:…
Three factors: a) Because of bi h rates, b) Because it provides an outlet to violent people to act out their viole…   
let’s not give em a chance ARMY VOTE NOW‼️🔥 iHea Awards  BestFanArmy  BTSARMY   let’s raise our bombs!💣  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Syria: Pilot of the downed  RuAf Su-25 was fighting  AlQaeda terrorists, he was wounded and encircled, he blew himself up… 
Joining the mass voting.
Captain among 4 soldiers killed as  Pakistan pounds J&amp;K's Rajouri sector  Kashmir  KashmirSolidarityDay…  
''The best revenge is to improve yourself'' - Imam Ali (AS)
Will continue giving befitting reply:  Army vice chief on  ceasefire violation by  Pakistan  
Breaking | Tiger forces repel HTS offensive , while Russian jets kill 50 militants south Idlib 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
BREAKING  Iran calls on  Turkey to stop  Afrin Operation.
No BABY!
Good point King Abdullah  
Jihad: The Grand Deception - AWE  
yFox: Corrupt  Comey Wasted NO Time Coming Out On Twitter To Attack &amp; Mock The  FISAMemoRelease
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes: Non-nationals…    Brexit  Guardian
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
BREAKING: The white supremacist terrorist radicalized online by anti-Muslim bigots &amp; google scholars to   kill as many Muslims… 
Kremlin says extremely concerned that rebels in  Syria possess manpads which it calls 'huge danger' to all governme…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Police Shoot Man Who Tried to Break Into Iranian President's Office   Iran   
Unholy Alliance: Why Would Islamic Extremists Fund White Supremacists?   youtube  feedly 
Bill Sho en's problems boost confidence in Coalition attack   via  
what an idiot response.are you saying they aren't labeled terrorists by the U.S.? or are you just maaaaaa…  
FUCK THE TERRORISTS   
Attack On Titan Logo Black Iphone Cover Case
Fulani Herdsmen don join body attack some communities dem for Ogun state again    
Read  's fascinating story about a Myanmar Buddhist soldier who conve ed to Islam and married into a Rohingya comm…
ReddyLikhita NEWS ALE :  Anantnag police presented chargesheet against some terrorists who were  involved in a te…  
If 20 yr old me were to meet 24 yr old me she'd have a hea  attack
Afrin  Turkey  Erdogan The  public  health aspect of  war  
Attack minded players attack by using the ball better keep ball possession…  
All praise &amp; glory to Allah, the only omnipotent on our souls, and guardian of ea h based on history o…   
CNN is asking the wellknown  Trump-opposers (who daily randomly appear at several CNN-shows to attack, insult, rid…   
Buhari is pa  &amp; parcel of d BH ideology/movement.That's why for 30 years after been removed as military tyrant,he d… 
Today the  Russian and  Syrian airforce stepped up its attacks against  IS positions,are Heavy Bombing terrorists posi… 
Pakistan observes ' KashmirSolidarityDay ', calls for end to atrocities 
New post (URDU NAAT SHARIF  || MOST BEAUTIFUL VOICE || ANEESA KANWEL) has been published on Urdu Islamic Video -…  
Trump’s pick to be U.N. migration chief said Christians should get preferential resettlement treatment, suggested Islam is a vio… 
9-year-old girl allegedly raped in Thatta- Sindh- Pakistan . You better concentrate on your Country…  
Join us on  5thFebruary at  Lahore  MochiGateJalsa to show the solidarity with  Kashmir &amp; to share the  Pakistan's message…
Slain Kurdish fighter identified as Barin Kobani, who previously took pa  in the offensive to drive the Islamic State jihadist gr… 
But, the second pa  of my question - ie why are such people roaming fr…   
no one on this app will hate you as much as the begs who follow you then unfollow because you didn’t give them a follow back l…
Israel conducting cove  campaign against ISIS inside Egypt, repo  says  MiddleEast  Egypt  WorldNews   
😝🤔 Allah's Messenger ﷺ said: Those who do not show mercy to our young ones and do not realize the right of our elde…  
Davis Cup match anti-Israel protest   via    Israel  Palestine
... and many other Jordanian companies discontinue…
¡Vamos Lovatics!, no se detengan LOVATICS ATTACK  SorryNotSorry  iHea Awards 
panic attack  
On a day when many have claimed that we should dismiss polling conducted in  Iran out of hand, the Rouhani government releas… 
Trump's envoy official to Mid East Greenblatt says Imagine what people of Gaza could do with the…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Brownshi s coming to a city near you;  
Consider the Constant  Turkish Veto of  PYD from  Geneva &amp;  Sochi for what it meant, a Denial of Legitimacy for the Leg… 
y: The TRUTH WILL BLOW YOU AWAY!!!
+++   discovers  Arafat's secret original diaries. It will shed light on his involvement in  terror, o…   
ownsend7: Allah the mutilator - Feel the 'peace'  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
Only Allah can judge ISIS combatants. Our job, is to arrange the meeting. ;)   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Here's What We Know About The London Terrorist Attack So Far  
Upcoming  Presentation series for readers:
Greece: Muslim migrant, who asked for protection, arrested for possessing detonators and gas canisters…   
Note for Today: Just one letter separates these words  fight or  flight  
You're hiding something, aren't you? Care to explain? I don't know about you, but I haven't done anything that woul…   
Afrin  Turkey  Erdogan The  public  health aspect of  war  
The people of  Pakistan are committed in their unwavering suppo  for the unresolved  KashmirIssue  UNSC  HumanityCrie…
BREAKING
both of these two countries are evil and unclean !!  Qatar  Terrorism  corruption
Your average M.E expe .  AlQaeda apologist   exposing his bigotry and Middle East knowledge. Happens when y…
Yemeni Ballistic missiles … Yemeni launcher, enhance ballistic missiles campaign 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Why donot you discuss Ankit's murder by muslim girl's family he wanted to marry.Seculars &amp; Liberals…
I liked a   video   Using Humor to Share Islam with Seniors - Dr. Sabeel Ahmed
Everything comes from the Koran, which advocates the inferiority of women in rights,…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
The US has already destroyed Afghanistan, and has worked with AlQaeda etc there since the…   
Man marries Kochi woman, takes her to Saudi to sell her as ISIS sex-slave   
That small hea  attack 😂
My thanks to  Jubaland State President Ahmed Mohamed Islam and his ministers for hosting me this weekend at the Po  Guesthous…
Iran: Man shot and arrested in Iran after trying to break into presidential office: Fars  IranProtests  FreeAllProtesters  Re…
aafaque_ehsens_ideamines_sites are bridging the deep chasm in the quality of education in  Pakistan  ideamines_rabbf  ideamines_elf
And the fact that Isis has no respect for women. JT loves to suck and blow
Machete-wielding man shot and arrested in  Iran after trying to break into president's office, Iran government-run… 
Roger Waters, from  PinkFloyd has fought bitterly over the wall in Israel. 
Asking for peace is not terrorism.
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bi… 
Shocking that our bbc Middle East corespondent can only get his repo s across on social media. Shameful ! Follow him and…
This was a frustrating listen, with Brand's fairly vapid cultural relativism and whataboutism on full display. He deserv… 
Syria rebels hit by suspected chlorine gas attack  
Help in widening the gap!
Watch the  SuperBowl  TV spot for Marvel's Avengers: Infinity  War    
That is made substantially difficult if an islamic juror says and has bad practices…  
Chapter 3: State Sponsors of Terrorism   (from  )
Israel  YNET  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Man shot and arrested in Iran after trying to break into president'…
Zahedan, on Friday Feb 3: 
Spencer claiming Obama was an anti semite who is an Islamic jihadist
Think whatever you want.but Islam will prevail .as ma God has said.   Ppl van bark what…  
This is shocking - especially the claims to a 3rd pa y which, if yr side is accurate and I've no evidence to suggest oth… 
Italy, Macerata attack: Gunman targets black foreigners in drive-by shooting 
But what about the droid attack on the Wookiee?
r u making jokes of ur game... First u Change vs attack why so much cheating in vs attack while playi…  
Guys hes relapsed ffs a relapse is arelapse cant do nothing about it. If u have gone thro addiction…  
Trump's envoy official to Mid East Greenblatt says Imagine what people of Gaza could do with the $100 million Iran…  
Go ahead and burn that bridge, you dumbass.   
2015 Paris attack suspect Salah Abdeslam stands trial in Brussels  
U.S. News &amp; World Repo   Iran Says US Jailing of Consultant Pa  of 'Psychological Warfare' U.S. News &amp; World Repo…  
...are you implying that the US did in fact create ISIS? Or that poor/ incoherent US policy allowed fo…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State…   Via  
Tamil Nadu: Bee attack at a temple kills two, seriously injures four 
Including multiple strikes on hospitals and an apparent chlorine gas attack on Saraqib  
If only the children of  Uyghurs sent to  Xinjiang re-education camps were cared for as well... the orphanages are…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Concealed Permit Holder Pulls Gun, Stops Attack on Police Officer - Breitba    via   News 
ideological driven media like to conflate anti Assad forces with terrorism aping Assad and Putin themselves.
People most likely to commit crimes exempt from law!  
What r ur halftime plans? How about David attack’s me with a paintball gun in Hawaii? New Vlog w/ Trish is posted.  
Brother   I guarantee you that you won’t last 5 minutes in a discussion/debate with me on the Islamophobia top…
I get amazed over the girls who used to give islamic advices once and now posting photos showing half of their body…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bi… 
Iran: Unemployment and Its Relation to Iran’s Recent Protests and Uprising  IranProtests  FreeAllProtesters IranOp…  
…  
Calling for the immediate release of detained protestors in  Iran!  FreeAllProtesters    …
No italians stopping them?  
Pakistan's Beautiful Gwadar Po  City  Travel  Nature  Holiday  Vacations  Pakistan  EmergingPakistan  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
President Erdoğan meets Pope Francis in the Vatican to discuss Turkish-Vatican relations, developments concerning A…   
Europe: Making Islam Great Again | Zero Hedge  
porn Jerk sex Hd xxx Breaking sadist nsfw Attack video Kitana Royale
Boko Haram: One killed, another injured in Borno fresh attack 
Extremist who 'targeted black people' in attack in Italy showing no remorse, police say   
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes
ATTACK ON BANGTAN
woman and man having sex premarital sex islam  
Riveting!!!
The companion of Isis was Osiris, the chief Egyptian god   
Zahedan, on Friday Feb 3:. 
11 Afghan Troops Die in IS Attack on Kabul Military Academy  
…
Unholy Alliance: Why Would Islamic Extremists Fund White Supremacists?   youtube  feedly 
Mohamed Azmee was arrested for getting India’s Republic Day invitation card for from Indian High Commission to HE Maum…
Chapter 3: State Sponsors of Terrorism Overview   (from  )
You're using an official government Twitter account to attack your political foes?
these countries are suppo ing and funding the terrorism in the whole world!
Yeah we are always throwing people out. We can't eve…  
There's something exciting about this  war going on right now and knowing that the bigger the correction, the bigger the gro… 
General Manager of the Public Investment Bank ( )  
They should  know (Nigerian government) they are dealing with those with foresight, wisdom nd intelligence, and ab…   
Washington Has A  Dark  Secret!
PPP has nominated  KrishnaKumari daughter from the family of great warrior of  Sindh  RooploKolhi, sister of  … 
It Is Not Anti- Semitism That Is On the Rise, but Sympathy for  Israel Is Declining 
Condolences to his family.. he was a very brave man..  
Man arrested over alleged plane bomb plot to plead guilty to weapons charge    security…  
Hmmm no mentions abt   or shitholes... Is that bc they are basically one in the same?  …
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat   klikqXHA  
Is the Quran God's Word? -   -  DiscoveringTruth  ramadan  islam  
You won't let a sorry attack like that kill you, right? You're stronger than that... 
In  Syria's  Afrin, locals mobilise to defend hometown against  Turkey 
How to Pronounce Bagel Badger ↺ ❤    girdle  thomas  worry  attack  perplex  driveupthewall…  
Millions of  Pakistan across the globe mark the day to express suppo  to the  Kashmiris in the struggle for their…  
analysis bit reductive? no mention of grass roots reach via Latif-Sachal-Sami’s Sufi poetry in rural sindh villages…  
It's actually about how seriously i take you and your ilk 😂  
♠¤ Antique Islamic Bowl    Islamica   Syrian  middleeast    
: In a speech to  Pakistan parliament,  Turkey's  Erdogan declares interfaith-dialogue is impossible, rules out dialogue with… 
Trump's Desk - Slate Attacked  POTUS for his empty  Resolute Desk, But  liberals attack him for having a messy des…   
isangirl US arms the FSA with MANPADS and they shoot down a Russian jet.
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
IranLobby who always claimed that regime has suppo  among ppl, now trying to rescue the regime by a…   
US sta s Iraq drawdown after defeat of Islamic State group  
May God protect the lives of the forgotten, painted as terrorists and instead full of talent, educated and full of love f… 
Recharge card girls will attack soon.
I dropped the name of the most singular influential feminist islamic figure in the l…  
Which is here  
Trump's envoy official to Mid East Greenblatt says Imagine what people of Gaza could do with the $100 mi…  
Unea hing the Islamic Relics of China’s Medieval Po  City  
represented today at the 'preserving the architectural and urban heritage of post war iraq' seminar. Programme…
Anger workers ablaze in the Shadegan municipality
Israel heading toward a war on  Lebanon?
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
We all know what could happen if a priest turned up!!
One of social media’s few valuable contributions to politics is the way that it exposes the underlying views of sen…  
Chapter 3: State Sponsors of Terrorism Overview   (from  )
One of the strangest stories I've covered in  Kazakhstan: mysterious 'jihadi' group, with no apparent links to extremism… 
War and only war is the answer to these Pakistanis. We should attack and capture PoK which is rightfu…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
.   Capetown will soon be the first modern city to run out of water ( DayZero). And guess why? Because of  B…
Secrets of a  Saudi one-man band.  SaudiArabia 
Israel's Shin Bet to face first-ever to ure probe | 
Imagine being this petty  
This. 👇  
FifthFebADayOfKashmir
The battle for the soul of Anglesea is hotting up. The bike park is a big issue, but the attack on our community is much… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
When you refere to local media, who are they? I take it you are aware who rules Saraqeb? It is al-qu…   
If you watched and suppo ed the Super Bowl, you might as well suppo  terrorists. 
Superb brief on current state of Libya. Absence of law &amp; functioning state enables  ISIS &amp;  alqaeda to thrive  https:/…
ThisWeek Pakistan’s counter-terrorism needs to be aligned with EU  
The Supreme Cou  in  Iran has rejected Djalalis application for a judicial review of his case - so the death senta…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Lots of security at trial of  salahabdeslam but he is refusing to co-operate and answer questions. His suicide vest…  
I wonder how many people know this:
Book culture returns to Iraq’s post-extremist  Mosul    Jordan  Jordantimes  Iraq  
Can’t fall asleep at night cause they attack it
+++   discovers  Arafat's secret original diaries. It will shed light on his involvement in  terror, o…   
Home Office 'interfering' with people's right to observe Islam in detention centres, High Cou  rules   
How to Pronounce Static Reply ↺ ❤    pluginto  justification  difference  slapon  wrangle…  
Get your country back and kick the Islam out.
Muslims return to Quran in everything  ep3_M&amp;S  
Mass voting attack
TAKENOTE    
What you’re wearing on your head isn’t Hijab, and surely isn’t Islamic. It suits more for a kitchen cloth. True Hijab cove… 
…
Necessity is the mother of  innovation. Our  Deen is complete - there is no need for innovation.  religion  islam  
New post (Naat Sharif. Dar pe bulao makki madni jalwa dekhao. The best audio Naat by Owais Raza Qadri Sahib...) has…  
padhaa-likhaa  lekin unemployed ....isiliye took to terrorism ....will be the argument of pseudo-journo…  
Fighting army they are attack now keep voooote
Compelling!!!
Iran Says US Jailing of Consultant Pa  of 'Psychological Warfare' - U.S. News &amp; World Repo : U.S. News &amp;...  
Join us on  5thFebruary at  Lahore  MochiGateJalsa to show the solidarity with  Kashmir &amp; to share the  Pakistan's messa…
On this day, in 1944,  Colossus made its first attack on  Lorenz in anger. Now 74 years later the powerful  computer is… 
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes    
You're not getting our guns. Stop this never ending assault on our right to bear arms because terrorists are hell b…  
Muslims believe in Quran and let it guide them  ep3_M&amp;S  
Auto post blog for  WordPress.com, it's FREE!    adwords…   
VP Igga responsible for attack on US diplomat vehicle: Malong  
Chapter 3: State Sponsors of Terrorism Overview   (from  )
Do you think it's possible for a country to chair UN Human Rights Council ( UNHRC) and at the same time kill civilians i…
15 terrorists 'neutralized' across Turkey in last week  
This would give me a hea  attack
European tourists enjoying their trip to  Iran
Latest battle update from no heast  Hama after latest Syrian Army advance - map    ISIS  Syria
The latest The EkherElAkhbar Daily!   Thanks to    lebanon  syria
dtmag After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan   
1) What is the Kashmir Issue?
A fair few people asking why I used the word “terrorist” rather than a different, less negative, term. It’s because I wanted… 
Abdeslam  ParisAttacks  KabulAttack  barcelonaattack   londonattack &amp; Are World Leaders ignoring…  
The Iraqis who have come home to Mosul's Old City knew it would be hard living in the rubble left by the battle aga…  
Cut to the chase: rational approach-compare what vets are asking for vs what is in budget..analyze difference - exp…  
Secret diaries of former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat reveal relationship with Silvio Berlusconi…  
What is the  relationship between  Pakistan and  Kashmir?
Conversations about detentions in Syria often fail to appreciate the fact that the problem of arrest and arbitrary detention i…
Trump's envoy official to Mid East Greenblatt says Imagine what people of Gaza could do with the $…  
Is there any good repo ing on the  Iraq elections anyone can recommend? Recent repo ing?
Assad uses chlorine gas again on the city of  Sarakib, SCD is still in response, Until now. 9 cases injured, including 6 ci… 
OpenGovLeaders CSO representative:   critical comments are impo ant, they are not attacks that you should counter-…   
Minnesota - hosting the  SuperBowl - has recently had a Muslim cop kill an unarmed woman; Muslim jihad stabbing spree a…
Because they breed like rats and brainwash their kids. It's just one of the many forms of jihad ai…  
The work of Gunduz Agayev from Azerbaijan in suppo  of  Iran'ian women protesting compulsory  hijab l…
[israel] Professional Taxi Driver ↺ ❤️️    funny  road  כביש  Дорога  sv650  cars…  
Do   and his administration try to compensate the decline  of  USMilitary against  Russia and  China by…
A woman accused of a vicious attack on a grandmother at St Albans laughed and smiled in cou , as she failed in her att… 
Cut that joke out You should be ashmed of what your army is doing in  kashmir   Grilling  
The plan is for them to get out of town before announcing the attack publicly and snarling traffic/trains…  
The  USSArizona was one of the United States Navy’s pride in 1916 who has her home in the Pacific during the times…  
Why is Islam the fastest growing religion?
This decision is not good for them! Qatar is not a trusted alliance!!
Roman Filipov died in  Syria to defend the national security of his country from the threat posed by Al-Qaeda and affilia…
The Kashmir issue can be resolved, and I strongly believe that the present Indian government is capable of doing it beca… 
Labour Kier Starmer 'First, judges as ‘enemies of the people’. Second, politicians as ‘traitors’. Now an attack on ou… 
Boko Haram: Terrorists burn man to death in Borno village  
Maldives chief justice threatened, President Yameen rejects cou  order    Radical  RadicalIslam  E… 
How do you defeat terrorism? Dont be terrorized.
Reason:
Yes :3 Debated to attack the security guard and run into the elev-, I MEAN nothing!!! 
Please repo  isis 🐀 🐀 🐀 🐀
On Wednesday, a parliamentary debate on children in military detention is scheduled to take place in Westminster at…   
Jeremy Corbyn refuses to condemn his suppo ers who tried to attack Jacob Rees-Mogg! Corbyn seems to have this inab…  
Hindu terrorists&amp;extremists savagely attacked a Muslim couple in Bulandshahr in India . The Muslim woman said that the men no…
Their hypocrisy is as limitless as it is shameless.  
Chapter 3: State Sponsors of Terrorism Overview   (from  )
IdahoHoneyPot: Shields UP!!  NTP incoming NTP attack from 216.98.153.250  
180203 - 2shuri IG
Ce ainly true, but don't think for a minute that either Assad or the Russians are the 'good guys'. They're…   
BREAKING: US sta s Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over IS - AL-ASAD AIRBASE, Iraq (AP) - American troops hav… 
Syria is Obama’s war, now Trump’s, waged for regime change, wanting pro-Western puppet governance replacing the nation’s s… 
Can we stop talking about the farce that is   de-escalation   yet?  Syria 
Thunda or anyone who attack you :D
Absolutely, and unquestionably.…   
I Don't Even Know You ↺ ❤️️    ouch  pot  blooper  skit  fighting  marijuana  hit  fight  redneck  owned  weed
The  Iranian gestapo could not stop the uprising  IranProtests  FreeAllProtests  Iran   via  
Completed defeated Boko Haram terrorists attacked Kala village, opposite IDPs camp in Dalori, Borno State and...   
Thread on racist murders in Italy:  
'
Can’t fall asleep at night cause they attack it
KashmirSolidarityDay   MochiGateJalsa  Join us on  5thFebruary 2018  at  Lahore   KashmirDay  to show the solidarity wi…
Qatar To  SaudiArabia: Quit Trying To Ove hrow Our  Government
The issue is one of intent...plenty of politicians in Iraq and Lebanon push this narrative that the US…  
Are you BUYcotting  Israel ⁉️ 👉🏼 Get the App 👈🏼  BDSOurWeapon  GroupPalestine 🇵🇸  
Ok dildo, how is trump working to make sure Russia can't attack our elections?…   
9 Habits of the Prophet That Science Later Proved | About Islam  
Latest battle update from no heast  Hama after latest Syrian Army advance - map ISIS  Syria
Just Beautiful Islamic A   
Will continue giving befitting reply: Army vice chief on ceasefire violation by  Pakistan   Kashmir…  
How to Pronounce Shadows Fall ↺ ❤    comeoff  goup  neglect  incline  level  shield…  
Rising risk of conflict in no hern  Syria between  US and  Turkey
I am infavour of action against India in  Kashmir
ISIS monkey
I have had a hea  attack
but I go all in Vegas vs. vacationing there to attack you bc of switched, could of switched, could of 2 dynamic misses TriHard 
2009 atako sur la nederlanda reÄa familio - Wikipedia's 2009 attack on the Dutch royal family as translated by ...  
Many  Yazidi women attempted jauhar to avoid ISIS sex slavery   via  
Killing Innocents is a crime. Rape is a crime. Stop Killing of Kashmiris. They want freedom. Resistance is not terr…  
Kashmir, the disputable land creates a formidable repe oire, flawlessly camouflaging the heaven on ea h with brutal b… 
Syrians 'suffocate' after suspected government chemical attack  
We have the order to kill everyone and will kill everyone who disagrees.   Extraordinary story by  , of a f…   
Two more Tamimi family members are said to be arrested, as Ahed, 16, appears in cou  – Mondoweiss…   
Anybody want to help him out?
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving suspect in the 2015 Islamic State attacks on Paris appeared to refuse…    FB
CAN YOU IMAGINE TONY SEEING HIS SON HAVING A PANIC ATTACK WHEN SLOWLY ASCENDING TO OUTER SPACE THIS IS WHY HE GETS THE IRO…
In Syria, terrorists shot down Russian Su-25 | RMW map:   | Src:   22zA   
Mattis Threatens Military Action Over Syria Gas Attack Claims, Then Admits 'No Evidence' ➡️  
So this is great. Predictable stream of old white men in the comments who think colonised peoples should have just politel…
Putting the squeeze on  Iran via  Hezbollah    
How to Pronounce Attack Rows ↺ ❤    summon  racket  criticism  workout  throe  faceoff…  
How to Pronounce Attack Rows ↺ ❤    takeup  flight  sue  giveoldcollegetry  calm  Attack…  
Iran security forces shoot knifeman at presidential office entrance  IranProtests  FreeIran  FreeAllProtesters IranOpposition…
It sta ed off creepy af it was like these lil creatures kept tryna attack me, but I'm basically a God in t…   
Fighting army they are attack now keep voooote
Lots of security at trial of  salahabdeslam but he is refusing to co-operate and answer questions. His suicide vest didn’t de…
Europe is becoming more and more a shithole and you are coming up with s…  
12 Tribes of  Israel  Zebulun  Judaica  HomeDecor  Gifts  Tiles  Coasters  Bags and More    
Mondinion is truly  global! We have thousands of  MiddleEast  Prope yListings!    UAE  Qatar  Israel  Bahrain  Dubai
Miscreants attack man outside his residence:   via  
Assad regime is attacking  Saraqeb by  Napalm
Egypt/Israel  
Sharia A Threat To Scoiety  
I added a video to a   playlist   Izzatul Islam --- Bebas Dan Merdeka--- Lirik
Web developers attack Google over scheme that   dive s traffic away from other websites for the benefit of Google 
In  FreeIran we all will live together other than criminal cult all believers can be pa  of the process to…
“Firstly, I wish that  Syria will be stable again and that I can return to it. We had a very beautiful country that…   
An Israeli biotech company can generate  healthy new bone using  stemcells harvested from the patientís own  fat…  
How to Pronounce Attack Rows ↺ ❤    uproar  finger  feud  embroilment  doestbest…  
has released  Prevent and Channel stats
There were half a million workers demonstrating in London in 2011 against the attack on pensions. W…  
If PTI wins, I hope they give access to US to continue drone strikes across pak to wipe out the terrorists 
Chapter 3: State Sponsors of Terrorism   (from  )
Trump's envoy official to Mid East Greenblatt says Imagine what people of Gaza could do with the $10…  
how DARE siyeon attack me so early in the morning???
How to Pronounce Attack Rows ↺ ❤    gin  shot  giveoldcollegetry  blowthewhistle  rehash…  
How to Pronounce Pulling Rows ↺ ❤    bearing  taste  rudiment  bootlicker  haulage  reproof…  
Thank you to suppo  the fundamental rights of Iranians, freedom of expression  Iran…   
How to Pronounce Pulling Rows ↺ ❤    tradezingers  nigger  puff  doyen  rip  jump…  
How to Pronounce Attack Rows ↺ ❤    sail  clock  beatingup  pull  tiff  putupafight  barrage…  
To my Hijabis sisters:
DON'T SELL FIGHTER JETS TO NIGERIA TO FIGHT TERRORISM BUT DISSOLVE NIGERIA TO END TERRORISM IN WEST AFRICA - BIAFRANS TO US…
I have found that when I have an  anxiety attack, practising a new trick with my  WorryBead can break the downward…   
adult tv videos islamic xxx photo  
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan via the   App   
Hearing on  1988Massacre of political prisoners, their families tell you.  Iran  IranProtests  … 
Wtf istg i almost had a hea  attack when i read surgery and rm...baby i hope he's ok
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Machete-wielding man shot and arrested in  Iran after trying to break into president's office, Iran government-run newspa… 
IDF forces uncover explosives, guns in counter-terrorism ops   via   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
No there isn't and 911 is proof of that, plus your pilot who was burned alive by Isis is more evident of the evils…   
On Monday 15th January at 5:30pm, a man was attacked &amp; robbed whilst sitting in his parked car in  Bow. Detectives…   
Evidences presented by Afghanistan on Kabul attack not credible: Pakistan  
Pentagon Wary of Islamic State Growth in  Africa  
کشمیر_کو_آزاد_کرو
We MUST stand up for our rights &amp; civilization. Do not bow to Islam's sword.  
TANUJ GARG: Curious to know the logic!    TweetsNow  FilmyTweetsNow  TweetsNowFilms  
I added a video to a   playlist   Isis in the eurovision
ANTIFA |  Turkey, the second biggest army of NATO is...  No hAtlanticTreatyOrganization  Syria…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
TURKISH SOLDIER is MERCY..
A handful of white supremacist is not equal to tens thousands of people killed in Islamic…  
…
Many thanks to legal expe s &amp; compatriots who pa icipated in Hearing on  1988Massacre by  Iran rgm in  Geneva; an…  
Shoutout to all those posting Qur'anic verses and Islamic quotes,you can't imagine the positive effects your tweets have of us. 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
i just had the scariest fucking dream and i’m sweating and having an anxiety attack
I liked a   video   New emotional bayan iblees ki mot new islamic videos
Seadogs urges federl govt to declare herdsmen terrorists &gt;&gt;  
Necessity is the mother of  innovation. Our  Deen is complete - there is no need for innovation.…  
It's just unbelievable that hospitals need to be built under 60 feet of rock in the first place. And even then aren't safe f…
Practicing Islam, 
Full Movie:  
i call this karma, the u.s destroying isis is better than a war with russia.   
we stand against terrorism of India in Kashmir
👀
Great thread. I wish people would understand why there are some people choose to taqlid two schools while some pref…  
kashmirSolidarityDay Pakistan stands side by side with Kashmiris our faith (Islam) Ideology,Hea ’s, sympathy, are 1, Ro… 
Iranian Canadians in  Toronto held rally to suppo   IranUprising   and  calling for  FreeAllProtesters  براندازم…   
Women in the Islamic Republic of Iran are officially subhuman. Their testimony in a cou  of law is not equal to that of a… 
Manipulating RELIOGIOUS allegiance (to  Iran) &amp; NATIONAL identity (to  Bahrain) in the name of  humanrights; freedo…  
Enough is Enough!!! How many more children must suffer, be killed, or be orphaned before the international community t… 
Please repo  isis 🐀 🐀 🐀 🐀 🐀
Wow I will really get a hea  attack bc of NCT’s unexpected menpas
Gangster Islam: A worrying new hybrid culture Europe fails to recognise  
Just sho  of giving my house keys to some random immigrant and all my pay away in taxes...how else can I take it up th…
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat    world
At 19.18hrs 04.02.18   crews dealt with an Arson attack on a derelict Public House, Castle Inn Old Coleham. A… 
is voice of  Kashmir no one can deal with India like Musharraf.
Thank you, Cassie, for being a decent human.    
Prep the public for a deep state mass attack and blame it on Trump. Typical move and very pre…
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  Fre… 
Trump attacking  FakeNews is bad but if Fake news agents attack Trump it’s no big deal!!  
Attack on Beatrix the dutch Queen  
Pakistan suspects India planning  Attack on CPEC installations: Dawn repo 
Attack on Titan – Vol.1 + Sammelschuber [Limited Edition] [Blu-ray]    
logon: Here is the official paper of the  DCShadow attack released in  mimikatz (cc:  )
Paris attack was the most fierce terror to target a conce  hall, stadium, restaurants and bars, the cou  continues ! 
Israeli researchers discovered that bursts of gentle electricity may slow down the progression of  Alzheimer’s.
Iran: Suppressive Forces Attack the Striking Workers in Major Sugar Cane Company   ……  
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSy… 
War is Only Half the Story: 10 years of the Aftermath Project    
How I Convinced Diplomats &amp; High Level Decision Making. Ambassador Zamir Akram, Former Permanent Representative of  Pakis… 
Tariq Ramadan, married Islam-Professor and father of four, a model Muslim who preaches Islamic vi ue for all, is in fact… 
UAE  buying  arms from  Israel  
Deep breaths get oxygen into the lungs and coughing movements squeeze the hea  and keep the blood circulating. The squeezing…
Ex muslims are like zio right Borge need islam to bash to shore up thier base and keep the money rolling…  
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeS… 
Strikes Target ISIL Terrorists in Syria, Iraq U.S. and coalition military forces have continued to attack Is    dinar 
Egypt/Israel  
ownsend7:  Muslim  pjnet  My new book will be on Islam and history. Please follow   for updates. Thanks! Peter
Iran: Unemployment and Its Relation to Iran’s Recent Protests and Uprising  IranProtests  FreeAllProtesters IranOpposition  d…
ISIS, QUEEN OF HEAVEN   
Are you talking to me  ? As you well know all allegations of antisemitism are treated seriously and dealt with sw…
How to Pronounce Nineb ↺ ❤    ma yryousip  assyria  cambridge  syria  nuner  assyrian…  
Why  ISIS is Giving  LasVegas Shooting the Dezinformatsiya Treatment: by  terrorism
This is the head of Islamic rulings in Turkey, load of nutters the lot of them. 
First day of the trial of prime suspect in the November 2015 Paris attacks Salah Abdeslam at the   Palais de Justice   cou… 
Please repo  isis 🐀🐀🐀🐀🐀
Civilians injured by regime chlorine airstrikes on Idlib’s Saraqib
APT attack using WSF files | by  
Muslims are sure that the preaching of the  Quran is rewarded with divine rewards  ep3_M&amp;S  
FSA rebels announced the liberating sheikh horuz mountain from YPG (the source of the ATGM attack)  
Muslims are sure that reading of the  Quran is rewarded with divine rewards  ep3_M&amp;S  
Umar Ibn Al-Khattab conve ed to  Islam after reading one page of the  Qur'an. How much does our recital of the Qur'an affect and change us?
Zahedan, on Friday Feb 3: 
💥Pro-akp journalists' claim:  Russia closed  Syria-n airspace for  Turkish jets.
| LIVE: ANC suppo ers attack BLF members with bricks outside Luthuli House  
Israel Kills 4th 16-Year-Old  Palestinian Teen So Far This Year
You should celebrate by having a hea  attack
In  Pictures: Over 23,000  people call for an  end to the  Irish arms trade with  Israel   
CLICK HERE ➡   ⬅  Hot  asian  xxx  Fuckspace  Muslim  dating  site  south  africa
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSyria… 
Iranian Leaders Speak of Threat of Social Media  
once again v lost another innocent youngster Idress wazir son of Gazi wazir elder of wazir committee this evening in DIK.Hi…
Some of the relatives of Prophets died as disbelievers and are in hell. It’s our own practice of Islam that counts for us.
Having that hea  attack anytime soon?
Bringing this iconic performance back! Wow it sure was hard not getting a hea  attack over…  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
Memo Gunfire on university grounds signals a surge of tribal power    Iraq  
Turkey detains nearly 600 for opposing  Syrian offensive
I really hope you get a hea  attack.
Islamic State, al-Qaeda Suppo  Fuels Attacks in West Africa   
Via    Syria, Hama: Cities of Morek and Kafr-Zeita were hit by airstrikes overnight (4/5 Feb. 2018). Civil defe… 
Wolf attack  animation line a  to colour I'm going to re-design the wolf a little and add additional animation…  
Lol well  
Oh it is and he will go down! Attack our Democracy, attack our Judicial Syste… 
BREAKING: Kremlin deeply worried by terrorists having MANPADS after  Su25 downing in  Syria    
Pete ownsend7:  Muslim  pjnet  My new book will be on Islam and history. Please follow pthistory for updates. Than…  
Oh yes! As healthy as an imminent hea  attack or stroke! Keep eating those burgers…
New blood Hasbara trolls in their way...!
Latest battle update from no heast  Hama after latest Syrian Army advance - map    ISIS  Syria
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Disarming Voice (IV: 96% - CP: 487 - L: 24 until 05:41:54am.  
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq&amp; 8217;s Mosul long after ISIS defeat  
.  is there any comeback for their actions, or are they allowed to do this?   
This is the third chemical attack repo ed in Douma in less than a month...  
Sacrifice of frustrated Gandhi family for India:
It is fo…  
On Monday 15th January at 5:30pm, a man was attacked &amp; robbed whilst sitting in his parked car in  Bow. Detectives have re… 
Facebook EXCLUDES Israel ‘Country’ Option – Includes Fake Terror-State ‘Palestine’   via  
Iran forced hijab activist Narges Hosseini charged w/ 3 counts of breaking law &amp; promoting moral corruption.   دختران_خ…
The last seconds in the life of the Russian Pilot.
i just had a fucking panic attack I WAS LITERALLY TELLING TOM ABOUT A WONDER YEARS GIG I WENT TO WHEN THIS CAME UP…  
The role of the internet in radicalising home-grown terrorists is significant, but we must also understand what mak…   
Had a panic attack in the taxi today yuh wow. I need to buy a car
waking up and seeing this gave me a hea  attack im just glad knowing his surgery was a success i love him 😭  
Also technically we are three banks and the headset tells us for what bank the customer was calling. Today our syst…  
In the future maybe one of these will be lying in wait in St Vincent Gulf off Po  Adelaide guarding the wreckage o…  
KHANS LONDON Barking stabbing: Teenager, 19, knifed to death in attack on Abbey Road - Evening Standard   
Completely defeated Boko Haram terrorists attacked Kala village,opposite IDPs camp in Dalori, Borno State and killed one pers… 
It is a matter of grave concern that Indian occupation forces are reso ing to state terrorism, war crimes and inte…   
UK Rejects Recognizing Sharia Marriages Under Law    Islamic  Islam  tcot
She is clearly a hero. the reason I wouldn’t use terrorist is that terrorists use violence on one pa y…  
TURKISH SOLDIER is MERCY
Islamic killers are over here because we are over there.
1 All of what you’re saying is down to a failure to separate Islam from Islamism – which is pretty f…  
😲  KhanLoGrego Presser erupts after the Canadian launches a personal attack on Khan  BackToBusiness  
Hahahahaha YOUR TEAM DIDNT WIN. SIT DOWN AND GO SUCK A DICK. CHRIS LONG AINT GOING, MALCOM JENKINS AINT GOING, FUCK, THE… 
Russia Deeply Worried by Terrorists Having MANPADS After Plane Downing in Syria  
The environment as a weapon of war: years of deliberate sabotage by Islamic State have blighted vast areas of Iraq and Syr…
Killing and wounding of innocent women, men and children by airstrikes with napalm, cluster, bunker-buster and chemical bo… 
How to Pronounce Flu Of The Swine ↺ ❤    greedyeater  cattle  flock  convalescence  trifle…  
LIKE ATTACK
An average of 1  Palestinian child killed every 3 days by  Israel for 13 years now.
Attack on Russian embassy in  Kabul repo edly foiled    AFG  
How to Pronounce Cannabis Club Delivery ↺ ❤    setupon  nightstick  ambary  cook  entrant…  
Boko Haram: One killed, another injured in Borno fresh attack...   
It's no secret that the  Ahmadiyya movement propogates peaceful  Islam.  In this a icle &amp; video  MirzaMasroorAhmad…  
In case you hadn't noticed....the Syrian Army was spread ver…  
Why is there an eerie silence on the fact that a while ago a jihadi mowed down a group of men on the street with a…  
is this an Attack
islamic women sex injustice hardcore porn mpeg  
Just imagined what   is eating during the  SuperBowl and had a hea  attack.
BREAKING: Kremlin deeply worried by terrorists having MANPADS after  Su25 downing in  Syria   https:/…
Trouble with ISIS is that it is not defeted. Trouble with US is that it has this bad habit to wal…  
کشمیر_کو_آزاد_کرو
Video: The moment Kurdish female fighters destroy a tank of Turkish occupier army and kill more than 7 Turkish soldiers in…
Depends on whether you're at war with ISIS or not.  
Boko Haram: One killed, another injured in Borno fresh attack 
Enough of this insane nonsense, time for the US to put Turkey's Radical Islamic Terrorist Dicta…   
these countries are suppo ing and funding the terrorism in the whole world!
The fact that your islamic scholars are now attempting to teach on the so called disto ion is a clear…  
meltdown-poc
In the Quran god promised believers from Islam, Jewish Christians who believed god and last day will…   
Kenny (Mysterion): *sneaks into Kyle's room* hey
The word gatl is in the quran 35.213 times . it means, Fight,Kill,Murder, Crucify,Behead, ect. No lack…   
AYS Daily Digest 04.02.18: 47 Believed Dead off Coast of Melilla/Protests in Ceuta/Right-wi…  
One has to ask. Does he mean Brit Veterans or ISIS. So many bat shit crazy Ministers in PM Mays Cabinet all needs to be cl…
New post (Boko Haram: One killed, another injured in Borno fresh attack) has been published on Latest Nigeria News…   
No to war, peace immediately” will send you straight to jail in  Turkey - 11 senior members of Turkish Medical Association… 
03:   My thoughts and prayers are with Melania and our country!  May you eat another Big Mac and have a hea  at…
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan   via the   Android app 
Wish these disaster come to end in hu  Afghanistan, our country practice such chaos close to fo y years ago which…   
'A hellish nightmare': how Trump's travel ban hit a Syrian refugee family    refugee  immigration  war  humanity
Will continue giving befitting reply: Army vice chief on ceasefire violation by  Pakistan   Kashmir…  
George, do you not believe the Syrian people have the right to defend themselves fro… 
More apa heid from the apa heid state. Its called Palestine and Palestinians live there.  
What you're not told -  Hezbollah keep stability &amp;  democracy in  Lebanon &amp; promotes a free  secular  society - it is Not t…
YPG  PKK  SDF  pyd again hit civilians and this night they attack refugee camp with rockets in  Azez provins..
Iranian Hackers Attack State Dept. via Social Media Accounts  
The promissed Messiah's words spoken by his Khalifa. The power of prayers.  TrueGod  Islam  FridayPrayers  
Egyptian Islamic Jihad | Mapping Militant Organizations  
Canada: Two Muslim former University of Manitoba students wanted for jihad terror activities  
ISIS is defeated in Iraq, but the country is divided and overshadowed by neighboring Iran   
Israel hits  ISIS in Egypt? Makes a change from giving them air cover and hosptial treatment in  Syria !   
Pakistan
South Africa has fined China Construction Bank after discovering weakness in the state-owned bank’s controls for mo…  
Yanma available until 05:42:07am (29m 15s). IV: 15/15/15 (100.0%). CP: 644 (L17). Wing Attack/Silver Wind  
YOU ARE WHY THERE ARE VICTIMS.
Iran says U.S. jailing of  consultant pa  of 'psychological warfare'  UnitedStates  UnitedNations...…  
Return to  Syria must be informed, voluntary, safe, assisted and protected. Now, return would neither be safe nor voluntar… 
Chapter 3: State Sponsors of Terrorism   (from  )
Afrin has been a major hideout for the  PYD/ PKK since July 2012 when the  Assad regime in  Syria left the city to…  
That’s about Obama’s, 
Attack on Titan 2 is coming out 🙀
Activity in Kashmir is not terrorism but Mujahideen activity.    
Shut up and go eat some more Big Macs. Your hea  attack can’t come soon enough
بالحرف صحيفة  هآرتس_الإسرائيلية: Israel has been helping Egypt in Sinai and over the last two years has carried out over…
A prophet warns his people about an imminent invasion. His prophecy is ignored but fulfilled.  SciFi  aliens  war…  
You seem to be a full time Islam apologist... What's with you
Those tactics of  Israel's  KangarooCou  judiciary is just another  IsraelWarcrimes intended…  
Man charged after road rage attack   via  
They are following love jihad protocol instituted by safronista
Humanity in Deepika never disappears. If that's a trait of only a feminist according to you, well then as you belie…   
Florida Man Charged With Plotting Terror Campaign in Name of Islam - The New York Times  
Top story: Macro-less malware: The cyclical attack - Help Net Security   see more   
Slovkia's new law makes it almost impossible for  Islam to survive  
Pokemon spotted near The Monkey Bar! Eevee, 100.0% (15/15/15), Quick Attack / Swift 
💯💯💯 Eevee 💯💯💯
Bringing this iconic performance back! Wow it sure was hard not getting a hea  attack over this…
Says the bonehead who went to jail for stalking, arson, burglary and prope y damage.   
You hide behind an anonymous name and criticise. Can hardly be personal if I don't know who you are surely? You get…  
Manipulating RELIOGIOUS allegiance (to  Iran) &amp; NATIONAL identity (to  Bahrain) in the name of  humanrights; freedom o…
I’m so sorry to disappoint Joe, I’m not in Leeds anymore. Your jihad prayers to Allah have been in vain 
TANUJ GARG: Curious to know the logic!    TweetsNow  
US sta s Iraq drawdown after defeat of Islamic State group  
Israel corruption latest
Keep This going because   Will Just Have A Hea  Attack Over This. He will be Posses.😄😄😄  
Late night panic attacks suck. What sucks worse is when you have to lie to yourself to stop the attack and get some…  
New retweet template.
SaudiArabia building  wall to keep out  Muslims yFox  …
Islamic Syllabus for Schools
Assad continues to use chemical weapons against Syrians. One day Syrians will be free from the regime.  Syria  
er: Syrians sta  from scratch in  Raqqa...  
Rancho C: ♂Pikachu 97.8% (14/15/15) 602CP L27 Quick Attack/Thunderbolt until 01:45:14am (4m 34s)  
Chapter 3: State Sponsors of Terrorism   (from  )
Don’t get angry tonight. Donate. Don’t get defeated. Stand tall. 2018 is here. Time to take back the House for the climate, fo… 
This guy is NO Joke 😂  
attack at Chesongoch  by pokot and two pple dead
Paris attack suspect on trial over shootout.    
UK: Paris attack suspect on trial over shootout.    
Endians can only get to live in peace until realizes  their founding fathers made a huge mistake by illegally Invading Paki…
South Africa has fined China Construction Bank after discovering weakness in the state-owned bank’s controls for money launderi…
Communal hatred is always bad n no one n I mean no one should propagate hate when thin…  
ThisWeek Pakistan’s counter-terrorism needs to be aligned with EU  
Stand up to a corrupt leader by first calling him to Islam in hopes that he will repent and correct any haram (Islamica…
dont forget their filling the country with isis also.
SISTER TERESA FARRAKHAN, WIFE OF THE HONORABLE LOUIS FARRAKHAN, NOT IN THE NATION OF ISLAM NUMBER TWO, MURDER PLOT.................. 
Double game?If terrorists coming from Pakistan why Afghan President always opposed fencing of Pak-Afghan border?  
odaymzd: This is how they live , love and leave with  Pakistan Flag , India needs to read the writing on walls 
Confession to all   anti-imerialists   leftists and other useless activists: I now fully suppo  the invasion of Syri…   
Under the shadow of  ISIS: Albanian, Kosovan parents in grief 
And only halfwits &amp;or attention seekers&amp;or criminals conve  to Islam in non-peasant western countrie…  
The solution to all of life's problem, plunging attack 
Allah's Messenger ﷺ said: Those who do not show mercy to our young ones and do not realize the right of our elders…  
Iran: Suppressive Forces Attack the Striking Workers in Major Sugar Cane Company   …  IranProte…
Civilians injured by regime chlorine airstrikes on Idlib’s Saraqib
Islamic State, al-Qaeda Suppo  Fuels Attacks in West Africa   
And when millions of Kashmiris were on the streets in 2008, 2010 &amp; 2016 demanding the same rights, they’re dismissed a… 
Before we die we Will make this Ea h Peaceful and free from the Terrorists iA.  KashmirIsPakistan
The US has maintained plausible deniability with ISIS and AlQaeda so far, there a…   
‘You claim to be the pa y of law and order, yet regularly attack Depa ment of Justice officials and FBI agents.’ — Rep.… 
New post (Quotes about life 89 | Inspirational Quotes Urdu | Motivational Quotes images | Hasan Qureshi Quotes) has…  
child raping militant faith into Europe…
GERMAN DEATH CAMPS !!!! NEVER POLISH !!!  GermanDeathCamps  Germany  Israel  TrueHistory  
Humanity in Deepika never disappears. If that's a trait of only a feminist according to you, well then as you believe.… 
This is horrible. I hope all these culprits are punished properly  
Attack the Clintons again are we running scared?
When you silence debate on Islam with such n…  
Iran says jails 'nuclear spy' for US, European country   
OpenGovLeaders CSO representative:   critical comments are impo ant, they are not attacks that you should counter-attack   .… 
@ ptodd:   you pick you fat ass piss ant:  1) release your taxes. 2) resign 3) fatal hea  attack or 4) explain the natu…
Supply Chain Attacks Coming.  
I was having a full-on panic attack because i thought I was going to miss my flight but I rechecked the times and d…  
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat
y_Rebel  
I'm sure we won't be second guessing that in six months  
3rd base is when they see you having an anxiety attack
🚨 VOTE ATTACK (Pa  2) // DAY 1
:  SIP Possible SIP attack from 193.23.181.142  
Then out spake brave Horatius, 
Reuters: Paris attacks suspect silent as trial begins - media - BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving suspect in the…
Chapter 3 -- State Sponsors of Terrorism Overview   (from  )
Just released: ॐPsy Infectedॐ Daily    afrin  syria
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
Claimed an Islamic family who fostered couldn’t speak English! Fostering…  
You sack of pus. You are pissed because the FBI didn't do your pa isan bidding. I am getting so impatient w…
How to prevent a Ledger Nano receive address hack:
Jews:   let's promote alt righters who leave us out of the scenario so no one knows we're behind everything  .   
All those Jihadist Muslim QBs, too. The world is almost right again. Now we just have to replace DJ Khaled. 
Please share this vide…
OFB RV X Headie One X  SilwoodNation A Miz XT1 - Assist   ‘Name an opp block I cant go to, i…   
Russia orders warplanes in  Syria to fly higher after jet shot down: Iz  theIzvestia    
The clashes that killed 3  ISIS fighters and 2 soldiers took place near Dahra oil field in central  Libya  
Quaid- E-Azam declared Kashmir is Life line of  Pakistan
If you don’t resolve  Kashmir the  Uri will keep happening 😊
You can defend yourself without twisting that fact. I never tell you to suicide. Apologise to me and all…  
This movement is for the restoration of constitution. Every step would be for peace, democracy and constitution. We are c… 
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, ISIS chief killed in airstrike   
An Israeli biotech company can generate  healthy new bone using  stemcells harvested from the patientís own  fat
Let me give u this example, if your team is playing against Billiat, Ta…   
Why is there an eerie silence on the fact that a while ago a jihadi mowed down a group of men on the street with a vehicle, fo… 
This is the head of Islamic rulings in Turkey, load of nutters the lot of them. 
Yawn. Why don't you attack Alan Johnson for his emollient and successful suppo  for the EU?  
Hea  attack
Great, another wanna be Z-lister using being a   muslim   to get attention and be known. This new gener…   
Gosh! I almost had a hea  attack!  gakuen_babysitter  gakuenbabysitters  
Soon  FreeKarachi all over the world. Punjabi begharat must me in real pain....  
Father  God, I love  Iran and want to  visit over and over again but if Iran does not honor its'  citizen Cha er nor H… 
BREAKING: Kremlin deeply worried by terrorists having MANPADS after  Su25 downing in  Syria    
padhaa-likhaa  lekin unemployed ....isiliye took to terrorism ....will be the argument of pseudo-journo  ....Mo…
They done a study on terrorism in America over a 5 year period and, although they were only responsible for 11 out of t… 
By doing what they are doing is exposing  muhammad to be a false prophet and that islam has no legal standing as a religion.
News for ai ravellers. US is now supplying jihadi terrorists with anti-aircraft missiles.  
This rogue government can vandalize a house to this level but cannot protect us against terrorists!  MigunaMigunaArrested  F…
We're going to have to deal with this somehow. They're inciting real racists to a…  
This man attacked peaceful protesters turning the situation very ugly - luckily his attack was filmed
I'm not going to name names or attack anyone, they know who they are. I get ALOT of inspiration from Pinterest &amp; I…   
better that your logic !  
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
:  SSH Possible SSH attack from 183.136.188.116  
PR No.35026: German RAPPER Becomes ISIS OTAKU
Knowing Four Arabic Words May Save Our Civilization from Islamic Takeover  
Breaking|  Kremlin says extremely concerned that rebels in  Syria possess MANPADS which it calls 'huge danger' to all gove…
Thanks for your suppo  the people of  Iran that their voi…  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes
FBI FBI FBI DEMOCRATS DEMOCRATS DEMOCRATS, EVERY Time THEY GET CLOSE TO YOU YOU FIRE THEM OR GET THEM T… 
walakum Islam good morning
The Increasing Likelihood Of Nuclear War Should Straighten Out All Our Priorities
Chapter 3 -- State Sponsors of Terrorism Overview   (from  )
Completely different scenarios. One terror attack, the other peaceful protests. 
If mdc gets inti gvt today, the state media just shift alligiance. Just like in Smith's d…   
stopbrexit New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
Will they have acid attack shelters?
Richarlison-Gray-Carrillo attack pls
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
ysixmiles:   Because it was a conservative cabal that committed espionage. They have no choice…
Please go eat another cheeseburger and have a hea  attack...
Absolutely  
:  SSH Possible SSH attack from 121.161.77.196  
:  SSH Possible SSH attack from 121.161.77.196  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  stopbrexit  
I WONDER how many Globalists it takes to PAY OFF all the ROACHES to keep spewing BULLSHIT!  where oh WHERE IS THE D…  
Europe: Making Islam Great Again | Zero Hedge  
Iconoclasm: The left and Islam will destroy Europe. Those who oppose the dismantling of Europe are right-wing extre…  
on how political unce ainty could contribute in the rise of Islamic radicalism in  Maldives…  
16. It's downright disgusting that the  metoo movement is a bigger topic in Germany than the basic misogyny of Isla…  
Saudi Arabia Is An ISIS That Made It - YouTube
Latest attack: More troops deployed to Southern Kaduna -   via  
That is basically to see what Indian air force planes are doing in the area. They have SAM batteries, which is a defen… 
More Americans were killed last year by toddlers w/guns than by terrorists so I think we all know who's the real threat…
They searched all the trays and pulled out lines like “in Islam if you steal your hand gets chopped off”
Pls note and i said this million times before.   is a Pakistani handle run by one Salim miya from PAK. https…
I feel really bad for you if you have to attack someone’s insecurities to feel better about yourself.
Since when was a lack of legal authority reason enough to stop a US attack on a sovereign state?  
I'm not going to name names or attack anyone, they know who they are. I get ALOT of inspiration from Pinterest &amp; I…   
And thank goodness for them. ❤️  
Angela I just watched the footage and no one tried to attack him did you watch the footage?
Chapter 3 -- State Sponsors of Terrorism Overview   (from  )
If you want to share knowledge to counteract their attacks against Islam, just share it. Don’t quote them, don’t cite th… 
Delcatty ♀ Feint Attack/Play Rough (IV: 91% - CP: 1202 - L: 32 until 05:42:56am.  
leWoman777  Europe s  Terrorists  
Working together with great pa ners like  ,  Canada continues to promote women’s economic  empowerment in  Pakistan.… 
fox61I     @…
Don't expect the deplorables to see it that way. Rump could feed em a dogshit sandwich.They'd smile, wolf it down &amp; want… 
Best full rss feed conve er    OnlineJobs | Write A icle | SEO Tric…  
Attack on Russian embassy in  Kabul repo edly foiled    AFG  
FOX NEWS: After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan   
Unfettered tech transfer is a major sticking point -My Sunday thoughts on some of the major wrinkles with  Israel  Russia…
For  Man  viagra  tablets  at  My  Shop 101  in  Pakistan.
Comment on Amazon Tries New Attack On Fake And Paid Amazon Reviews by Susie: I know an author who's books sell in t…  
Comment on Amazon Tries New Attack On Fake And Paid Amazon Reviews by Susie: I believe Amazon's terms state that re…  
Tehran mayor,IRGC Brig Gen Ghalibaf said rgm has less then 4% suppo , yet  FakeIranPoll…   
Officials data indicate that the second killer of Palestinians is  CANCER which is a widespread in  Gaza after numerous Isra…
Islamic Syllabus for Schools
man im so sorry just leave me alone. please.   
LIKE ATTACK
*Historical facts about Kurds*
I liked a   video   Korea military and police Counter Terrorism Training
No respact for  Women in  Pakistan ....
With Cairo's Approval, Israeli Planes Bombing ISIS Targets in Egypt   
Well, by their fruits you shall know them and most fruits of Islam has been violent.… 
…
In  Halba,  Lebanon,  humanitarian work and  urban transformation are an uneasy mix   
Yesterday these babies were taken out of incubators after  Russian/ Assad airstrikes hit Maaret Numan hospital in I…  
/ REPLY / QT
Terrorism insurance lifeboat:  UK faces 'far more complex and dangerous' threat in 2018 from extremists…  
Should we be worrying debbie is leaving  
The series of attack on Tobi &amp; Cee cee is unfair most especially from the guys. When a guy is dating a sugar mummy…  
Phhhhaaaaaa 😂😂   boss boss   👅 this means they are not getting any attention at all so they will TRY to attack…   
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
The most disappointing thing is when a seemingly “educated” person goes ahead and spews words that negate everythin…  
:  SSH Possible SSH attack from 183.136.188.116  
Is  Turkey preparing for an ethnic-cleansing of  Syrian  Kurds? -  
.  is hiring  PhysicalTherapy and  Rehabilitation Specialist in  Baghdad  Iraq
Every year the people of  Pakistan observe 5th of Feb as a day to express solidarity with the people of  Kashmir,wh…   
Well, that's a long and complex topic. For one thing, the source would have to be relative… 
Kabul attack: Taliban kill 95 with ambulance bomb in Afghan capital -  
Grow and protect your  investment po folio by carefully diversifying it. Islamic  banking carefully mobilze its de…  
They get attacked there because they attack and kill buddhists . The Burmese attack the attackers unli…
Must-read a icle on  Yazidi women's perceptions of journalistic practices in repo ing on  ISIS sexual violence by Joha…
Syria Perspective
You know like I really just did not need this kind of attack but thanks  
My hair grows back but I die from a hea  attack instead 👍🏻
That hashtag for Namjoon gave me a damn hea  attack  
Milotic Bot avoided the Attack.
Canada stuffed under this bloke  
Man shot down after trying to enter Iran President  ’s office with machete
Foreign Islamic State fighters are fleeing  Syria, could this be the beginning of a new wave of  terror?…   
I disagree, you were leaking information to attack Nunnes, you know that the people involved were now caugh… 
Foreign Islamic State fighters are fleeing  Syria, could this be the beginning of a new wave of  terror?…   
Terrorism
Cozy Cocktail Bars in  telaviv  israel  telavivfood    
Retweeted Sputnik ( ):
What moderation execution 120000 means moderation  Iranprotests  Iran  Trump  MaryamRajavi  FreeIran  US…  
You will cop plenty more you prick. I find you deep,y offensive. We pay your salary and always have. And look at ho…   
US sta s Iraq drawdown after defeat of Islamic State group  
Oh my god
Will continue giving befitting reply: Army vice chief on ceasefire violation by  Pakistan   Kashmir…  
Dr Ron Paul Interviews Vanessa  Beeley for the Libe y Repo syria  aleppo  assad
UK Parliament Attack: Terrorist in Westminster attack named as British-born Khalid Masood. Here's what we know. ...  
This is Adaeze - born in Nigeria, she grew up in  Israel and serves in the  IDF as a full lieutenant in a combat positio… 
You read the various details, you can't even make out whether he attended the wedding or stayed in the guest hous… 
South Africa has declared Israel an apa heid state As   points out, if  Israel keeps denying Palestinians… 
How It works? You invest money in your personal online  CityOfInvestment managed Forex account held with a regulate…  
ChemicalWeapons resurface in  Syria  
FreeKarachi Campaign is for the rights of urban areas of  Sindh province. Mr Aizaz Ch is not a  Karachiite and has no k…
Ukrainian saboteurs attack DPR Defense Ministry with grenade launcher | Donbass International News ...  
Insane McCain Wants ISIS To Shoot Down Russian Jet Fighters   
this also comes after Mattis unveiled the Pentagon's new National Defense Strategy - last month the Sec. Def. said:…  
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat   via REUTERS
Delighted to have had my latest academic paper accepted for puplication in the 'Studies in Conflict and Terrorism' journal
A Christian leader is an infidel.
Stick to gay parades and the economy. Leave religion alone because you have no idea what you’re talking about. My religion…
Visit us for reliable Forex managed account services  stocks  fx  bitcoin  bestforex  expe s  dubai  uae  London…  
I liked a   video   Blood Donation in Islamic Perspective. By - Ash Sheikh Arkam Nooramith.
Macy's to sta  selling Islamic clothing  
Atena Daemi , a rebel not afraid of saying the truth 
3-time hea  attack survivor's message to other women  
A new crime wave the terrorist infested countries in Europe didn't see coming.
I dont give a fuck!  TenggelamkanPDIP  
alDirect DIRECTIONER ATTACK
there was this one girl at the death cure premiere, she cried the whole movie long but the worst was for newt’s dea…   
Killing all of mankind? Not quite  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
New UK data protection ruels are a cynilac attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
Instead of  Skyscraper   should have made  SkyStatham. Terrorists take control of a 200 storey Jason Statham…  
I think these two boys-turned Obas owe us an unreserved apologies for their childish behavior in Po  Harcou …  
Stupid.  
‘Mini Schengen’? 5 European countries seek stricter border control  
Watching you in debates on NewsX I sometimes wonder how you must have coped up when your mother conve …  
AnkitSaxena murder can be squarely blamed on  Hindutva and  SanghParivar  Terrorists who hv institutionalized inte…  
The latest phase of  FreeKarachi Campaign sta ed in the  USA last night. Free Karachi ads appear on digital billboards…
Trump steps up  war against  FBI,  Democrats have their own  memo  plan  US…   
AMERICA IN PROPHECY - WHAT'S NEXT ▸  |  terror  weather  jobs  life  politics  religion  
FreeOurLeaders  FreeSouthernCameroons  FreeAllArrested Our leaders are not terrorists. They are fighting for the restoration…
STV: Woman sexually assaulted as police cordon off city park - A woman has been sexually assaulted in a park. The a…  
Israel  JewishPress broadcast by  TheIsraelCompany✡: King Abdullah II: Washington Does Not Understand Islam - King…  
Paris attacks suspect goes on trial in Brussels - BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving suspect in the 2015 Isla…  
Manchester attack: Security services think they know who bomber is  
Why should they? All he does is attack them public, Roman should tell him to fuck off 
Is it the scene where they find those underground terrorists who aid them?
Drum and bass actually solves everything x send Isis some canista and am sure they'd leave us alone x
Four citizens were injured in an airstrike (Saada)
Ravi Sneeze ATTACK the whole interview + Talk + Cha Teasing Attack   via Vixx  Starlight  L…
Iran spends hundreds of millions of dollars to finance terrorism🚀💣. 700 million dollars to  Hezbollah alone! I won…  
BBC now accusing Russian jets of using chlorine 😂 😂 😂
It’s shut the fuck up you fat pile of shit. Why haven’t you had a hea  attack yet?
I will NEVER FORGIVE nor forget that Putin-Russia deliberately bombed hospitals where babies had to be removed from incubators.…
Yesterday these babies were taken out of incubators after  Russian/ Assad airstrikes hit Maaret Numan hospital in Idlib suburb.…
💕💕💕💕 Allah's Messenger ﷺ said: Those who do not show mercy to our young ones and do not realize the right of our el…  
Ah yes the sinister little good republicans slither out from…  
This pic was clicked by journalists during attack on convoy in July 2013 near hyderpora sir. Not by a…  
How about he’s telling the truth and he is being mis…  
Israel  Reuters  NEWS  broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Paris attacks suspect goes on trial in Brussels - BRUSSELS (…  
Israel  Reuters  NEWS  broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Global stocks routed, yields rise as U.S. inflation threat s…   
The ECJ stops us from depo ing terrorists, not British law. 
The most disappointing thing is when a seemingly “educated” person goes ahead and spews words that negate everything h…
Trump misses own deadline for ISIS news conference - CNNPolitics ... - CNN.... : news - Google News - howlDb  
Israel is a depicable racist war criminal and must be called to account --- BDS for the rogue state  
2 years ago  israel offered  southafrica help with water management.  BDS protested Israeli involvement.  capetown…  
Paris attacks suspect goes on trial in Brussels - BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving suspect in the 2015 Isla…  
rellLinda: The mission has changed now that   &amp; Rex Tillerson  have committed to OUR soldiers doing their jobs &amp; lea…
/ Reply / Quote Tweet
These people need to be found and watched just like other terrorists.  
potential jurors shamelessly bare their islamophobia / anti-muslim animus during voir dire for  USAvElGammal read up
…
Can   mysteriously have a hea  attack so I can tweet this picture? I’m waiting.  
Reuters  Tech  Geek  SWFL  Home  Money  Forex  MichaelDMay  World Paris attacks suspect goes on trial in Brussels…  
Ek Muslim Desh bathavo except where oil reserves are there now…  
Tens of thousands of Kurds took to the streets today in Afrin and Protest against the attacks of the Turkish occupation…
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan via the   App Sultan Obama let them gro…   
Sad reality.   needs to end this appeasement and affirm its sovereign right to its territory: sovereignty is…  
Who wil protect  Pakistan fm inside? Enemy caused real damage fm inside using 5G warfar…  
He said, ‘Are you arguing with me about Allah when He has guided me? I have no fear of any pa ner you ascribe to Him unle… 
Paris attacks suspect goes on trial in Brussels - BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving suspect in the 2015 Isla…  
Israel  Globes  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS InSightec completes first stage of $150m financing round - InSi…  
Ivo is a bag full of noise an d nothing else  
UK  REUTERS  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Paris attacks suspect goes on trial in Brussels - BRUSSELS (Reute…  
May Allah ease their pain. Loosing your child has to be on of the hardest thing to go through in life.  
By bringing a  TimeBomb back into  Australia - the  TurnbullGov is placing all of us at risk.
Because
SORRY  
Islam is bad and Muslims are evil because Muhammad fucked a little girl   
LILITH IS GONNA GIVE ME A FUCKING CRACK ATTACK  
If there is one concept in Islam that I don’t fully understand. It would be the concept that you have to respect and l…
Italy's attack was most cohesive I can remember seeing it yesterday. These two passes - from loosehead prop (!) And…  
What happened to the LAL AANKH? Our borders are under attack and ModiGovt downplays these incidents! Why?  Dhokalam
Save the  planet /stop building  walls /make love not  war /make global laws for the protection of  ea h /stop  corruptio…
Stockholm academic's death sentence in  Iran 'definitive': lawyer   via  
Spo ing  events that  rocked  world  politics from the  UK neglecting to display the  US  flag at the 1908 openin…  
GG   what an awesome war to be involved in, coming down to the last attack to bring it home for  . We… 
Iran spends hundreds of millions of dollars to finance terrorism🚀💣. 700 million dollars to  Hezbollah alone! I wonder when…
Siri, how do I recover fROM THIS VIOLENT ATTACK WTF I CAN'T BREATHE   
Israel has 'secret' IS pact with Egypt  
There's no misunderstanding , Islam is a cult of death 
This is why  Israel has to check everything that enters  Hamas controlled  Gaza - to stop the smuggling of weapons and sa…
Iran: Senior Prison Official Admits to Arrest of More Than 5,000 People, Including 1,400 Women During the Protests…   
APTSimulator - A toolset to make a system look as if it was the victim of an APT attack    
Was that YOUR concern when Stephen Harper and the CPC allowed the return of ISIS fighters during their term? If not please s…
کشمیرپاکستان_کا  is being observed across the world, including  Pakistan today to show Pakistan’s suppo  and unity with… 
How did he conve  a regular AR-15 rifle into an “assault rifle”  
A Shared Debt: The Correspondence of  HannahArendt and  GershomScholem |  
LILITH IS GONNA GIVE ME A FUCKING CRACK ATTACK  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude   Moares
MAKE TASTY ICE CREAM IN YOUR HOME QUICK AND EFFO LESS
There is a visible construction boom in  Pakistan as incomes rise and domestic consumption soars.  Pakistan’s nominal GDP is…
🔺  NOTAM &amp; navigation warnings in force around  Cyprus for Mon 5th Feb
کشمیر_کو_آزاد_کرو
Holocaust denier running for Congress has no opponents in Republican primary  
QT: Shame on you  Pakistan. How come you have guts to even Celebrate  KashmirSolidarityDay when your country is fac…  
BEIRUT, LEBANON (11:15 A.M.) – The Syrian Arab Army (SAA) resumed their field operations in…   
A woman accused of a vicious attack on a grandmother at St Albans laughed and smiled in cou , as she failed in her…   
ACS  is in the process of creating a continental community of journalists/bloggers and researchers who write/repo…  
TURKISH SOLDIER is MERCY
Following news of  Smominru botnet, signs pointing to  cryptocurrency miners as a powerful new attack tool for  hackers via… 
Quotable Quotes From the Chosen Ones    gaza  palestine
US sta s Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over IS  
Music on Sophisticated Ape Radio Lullaby of Broadway by Doug Munro and La Pompe Attack  Rock  Blues  Jazz  Weird…  
And anyone else who can be secretly smeared, true or not, as   not British enough  , and judged in secret under this…   
There's no such thing as   misgendering   because   gender   = sex role stereotypes; nor any such… 
Wow! Just wow! A  LegaNord  Nazi hunts down black refugees and shoots them in  Italy. Nobody calls it terrorism, there’s no has… 
Afghanistan:  25 Daesh militants eliminated in Nangarhar airstrike: By Yousaf zarifi on 05 February 2018 JALALABAD…  
The repo  attached below (in English) talks abo…  
he probably pushes him aside  
The Trump admin’s nominee to coordinate billions in assistance to migrants has suggested Islam is an inherently violent r…

President Erdoğan meets Pope Francis in the Vatican to discuss Turkish-Vatican relations, developments concerning Al-Quds,… 
Kenya: Muslim students stab, beat Christian students for refusing to conve  to Islam   
Thousands of ISIS Fighters Flee in Syria, Many to Fight Another Day    news  BreakingNews 
se,in  Siria,non cominciano a crepare pure invasori  americani non si risolve niente 
U.S. drone strikes killed 32  IslamicState  Daesh  ISIS militants killed in eastern  Nangarhar's Achin district near  DurandLi…

BREAKING: Kremlin deeply worried that terrorists have MANPADS after  Su25 downing in  Syria    
BREAKING:  Kremlin deeply worried by terrorists having  MANPADS after  Su25 downing in  Syria
The first essential for an attack is the will to attack.  -  Savielly Ta akower
2 Chinese men were caught looting money from ATMs in  Pakistan. 1st profit of China through  CPEC.
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 175.10.102.72  
I told her friends off for trying to attack one of my other sisters who was being a good example and just ignoring…  
Islamic_Basics_Series3
Jamaica Observer  Iran says US nuclear policy brings world 'closer to annihilation' Jamaica Observer A man holds a…  
Given by the EU. So sta  boycotting  Israel. You shouldn't do business with  Zionists. You can't trust them.…  
Via    Syria, Deir Ezzor: Five (5) photos of victims of airstrike on al-Bahra village on Saturday, 3 Feb. 2018.… 
Useless israel, you are the father of terrorism in the world. May God punish all the Jews 
As Salamun Alaikum...    Muslim
books:  vintage books on  landbattles and  war that we've listed today
American   attack on Pearl Harbour,   Japanese   bomb in Hiroshima,   Jewish   gas chambers are as real as   Polish   death… 

In Kabul there might be infrastructure, logistics &amp; possible personnel (‘terrorists to hire’) that can be utilised…   
Iran says US nuclear policy brings world 'closer to annihilation' - Jamaica Observer: Jamaica Observer
Your ignorance knows no bounds  
Iran: Political Prisoner’s Complaint Letter Against Five Prison Authorities to UN  HumanRights Rappo eur…  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes   via…  
One of the worst example of state terrorism, the other being Palestine  KashmirSolidarityDay   eSI6e5j 
No need for parents to  attack. I thought PAO is in charge of their cases   dengvaxia  
Votes with guns: Iraqi politicians raise fears about militias’ impact on Iraqi elections    
Twitter world:
Prayers this morning at Immigration office.   Server will not go down. Generator will not spoil  . Muslim officer came and s… 
My answer to Where can you find the most credible resources about Agile or Scrum, since everyone seems to be an exp…   
Video Of Ayatollah  Khamenei Goes Viral After  Iran launches missile strikes in response to ‘Tehran terror attack’
Very honored in this week’s  MyJourneytoArabic stories to interview Sir Harold   Hooky   Walker, British Former Ambas…   

Paris Terror Attack Suspect Goes to Trial in Belgium: Paris Terror Attack Suspect Goes to…  
i love how in today’s society if you break someone’s streak on snapchat they think it’s some personal attack and ya…  
Thanks Dems!  
Music on Sophisticated Ape Radio Lullaby of Broadway by Doug Munro and La Pompe Attack  Rock  Blues  Jazz  Weird  World https…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must…   
“34 people from Soghd who had returned to  Tajikistan after joining IS in the Middle East have gone back to  Iraq &amp;…  
Via    Syria, Idlib: Civil defense retrieves a ma yred infant from rubble of building in Idlib city that c… 
i have always suppo ed RSS and will continue to do so ....jai hindutva !! i don't think it's a bad term…  
List Of Top 10 Most Polluted Cities In The World 2018 !!  
Man carrying concealed pistol stops attack on Utah police officer  
Meaning a more accepta…  
Breaking: Aggressive WordPress Brute Force Attack Campaign Sta ed Today, 3am UTC 
Islamic State fighters said to escape U.S.' vise in Syria   via  
Colombia: Marxist Terrorists Bomb Police Station as FARC Gears Up for Election  
ISIS is not,defeated. Why are we sending troops to Afghanistan!  More troops in Afghanist…   
Loona's Hea  Attack: An Exegesis Of The Woman As A Spectacle and its Significance in the LGBTQIA+ Dialectic
Via    Syria, Idlib: Civil defense works through night at site of 6-story building in Idlib city that collapse… 
Shitlibs would accuse you of using the same   they weren't *real* Muslims - Islam is a religion of peac…   
Stop Praying For Husband With Bad Attitude, Your Marriage Is Not Under Spiritual Attack| A…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
Not going great so far. Remember guys, for valid entry, it has to be about Isl…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
Horses Field work Sneak attack Cranes? rolls barrel roll and seize the Heian era, I've been a phone? 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
Gardai have been sent details of the attack.
Pakistani Muslims or Afgun Muslims not our Enemies, Brutal Barbie Mongolian ruined Hindustan after taken Islam.Hindu r… 
🎶🎼Enough of 39 years of IS of  Iran!39 years of misogyny, 39 years of racial and cultural discrimination, 3… 
The Islamic society is using today’s so called feminists against c isism of Islam and against free sp…
PAY ATTENTION TO THIS ALL OF AMERICA!!  
Attack is the self defence!
ic   Oh yes.
BREAKING: Kremlin deeply worried that terrorists have MANPADS after  Su25 downing in  Syria   https:/…
Supremacist slaughter sanctioned under Islamic law. Note the word communal — Jim Crow for Christians. And the left…  
Murdoch's snarling attack dogs. Inventing bogus   anti-Semitism   when there's no real, actual mud to sling. 
Saw  Padmavat
Did he have one of those(nothing to with Islam)mental health issues?
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic…    iraq  iraqi  media
True Talk! Stop Praying For Husband With Bad Attitude, Your Marriage Is Not Under Spiritual Attack| A Must Read For…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
idk why i would always fall for this when my dad showed me.... and i would cry every time lol  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
Uninstall Tinder! Fuck or Swipe Jordan Now!
Are  Muslim Men Against Equality?    lka  SriLanka  Women  Islam
Chemical Vulnerability Information and Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism to combat today's complex threats.  
Boycott Crazies    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
The new war. Watch it unfold.
French fighters who fought in  Syria with  ISIS appear with Islamic State in  Afghanistan via  
Abdeslam remains silent as  Terror trial gets under way  
Yes he claimed that a Muslim had infiltrated the white house to launch jihad 🤣😂
Cunte needs to cut the chase and go full rivolo attack.. None of that 343 deep block nonsense... He should go 2-3-2…  
OperationOliveBranch is being carried out under the framework of  Turkey’s rights based on international law,  UN…   
First Nation Culture and beliefs predates Islam by over 59400 yrs.
...are you implying that the US did in fact create ISIS? Or that poor/ incoherent US policy allowed for con…
Shame on coward  Pakistan , I salute our ma yred soldiers,we are proud of them for their supreme sacrifice 
im def complaining!!! i nearly died bdsjdjdj i had a panic attack after the lights went back on and the…  
Via    Syria, Idlib: Scenes of destruction, rescuing victims inside hospital in Maaret Nouman after airstr… 
This man is mentally disturbed. Have a hea  attack already.
Terrorism insurance lifeboat:  UK faces 'far more complex and dangerous' threat in 2018 from extremists  
True Talk! Stop Praying For Husband With Bad Attitude, Your Marriage Is Not Under Spiritual Attack| A Must Read For…   
Politicians and their talks.
Footage showing the wreckage of the  Russia|n Sukhoi-25 fighter jet that  Moscow confirms it has been shot down in  Syria’…
is hardly ever the real target of bellicose declarations. Rather whoever touts them is actually raising a r…  
Yorubas are the most tolerant and accommodating. As a Christian, I say Wallahi when ever I am serious. I listen to…   
i'm having a depression attack in the middle of the class rn. wow. 😃
Counter attack 101 😎
49.8 percent of Iranians, women and men, consider the Islamic veil a private matter and think the government should have… 
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
Rather than help track dislodged ISIS &amp; AQIM fighters trickling down the Sahara to join ISWAP via intelligence coll…  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
Our home is under attack by Victor Buenrostro, a gang member wanted by HPD for murder. A photo of him is found here…   
Latest battle update from no heast  Hama after latest Syrian Army advance - map    ISIS  Syria
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan  yogamom 
Exiled Iranian royal sees chance to end the Islamic Republic    iranprotests  iran  rezapahlavi
Your country is being invaded by terrorists due to pathetic leadership..
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
Afghanistan:  25 Daesh militants eliminated in Nangarhar airstrike: By Yousaf zarifi on 05 February 2018 JALALABAD (Pajhwok):…
Sacrifice of frustrated Gandhi family for India:
Exiled Iranian royal sees chance to end the Islamic Republic    
trump maybe 6 feet tall and over 300 pounds. and due for a hea  attack/stroke.
Anthony Condron: Three charged with murder over Liverpool bar attack  
The issue is one of intent...plenty of politicians in Iraq and Lebanon push this narrative that the US deli…
One injured in attack on OPC faction  
One injured in attack on OPC faction  
One injured in attack on OPC faction  
Refugees protest  Iran capital punishment at  UNCHR in  Erbil
Via    Syria, Idlib: Scenes of destruction, fighting fires, and retrieving victims from rubble outside hospita… 
US sta s Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over IS Source: AP   via  
Former U.S. Army Vet Who Fought Alongside Al-Qaeda in  Syria Linked to  CIA -
The story of Prophet   Mohammed   &amp; his closest friend   Abu Bakr   who sacrificed his life to protect the Prophet at the dange… 
As a  Muslim, I always thought it was weird how  ExMuslims leave Islam but can't leave Islam alone 
Via    Syria, Idlib: Scene at Maaret Nouman hospital after airstrikes on Sunday, 4 Feb. 2018. Wounded victims… 
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Dazzling Gleam (IV: 96% - CP: 342 - L: 17 until 05:40:06am.  
alDirect A DIRECTIONER ATTACK
shish_kebab_sausages_fried_meat
Is this the   isis   that mr trump was going to defeat in 30days 
Hey  SouthAfrica, look what you've lost thanks to  BDS! 
how can anyone not vote islam
Because Pakistan is Sunni Islamic country.
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mus…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mus…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mus…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mus…   
When you died in a bomb blast but realized that you forgot to tweet Terrorism Has No Religion.  
He just adve ised, eating chicken in so extra way why I feel attack &amp; hungry at same time? like how? why he's doing this to… 
By bringing a  TimeBomb back into  Australia - the  TurnbullGov is placing all of us at risk.
y: Wow. This a icle has nothing to do with actual Muslims. BrayBa  is just waving around muzlamic ray guns and saying the…
islamic sex pictures of girls and boys swelling pussy  
'ISIS suspects arrested for terror plot against Israeli soccer team in Albania' - Israel News - Jerusalem Post  
alDirect Jshdidjd DIRECTIONER ATTACK
How Viruses Attack Plants  
alDirect Kdnxkxxo DIRECTIONER ATTACK
Oxford Street LOCKDOWN Thugs hospitalise victim of HORROR stabbing after moped attack  D5  
UK: Oxford Street LOCKDOWN Thugs hospitalise victim of HORROR stabbing after moped attack  D5  
It's  TIME For A  CHANGE
Today   marks the Day of Remembrance of Diplomatic Couriers who died in the line of duty - on 5 February 192…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
Hey remember when   downed a Boeing 777 in Ukraine  
I agree. It can and should be stopped. Islam is a cult not a religion. A good religion persuade…
Some Love YPG And PKK  Terrorists   Anti imperialists 
Syria, complete destruction of a people &amp; a nation for one family to continue to rule. Old photo says it all: nobody stopped  … 
The attack’s r justified if the FBI and DOJ are not doing their job and r doing all the wrongs they have been accus…  
Win $25 Amazon  BookTour  Giveaway  BookBoost  Historical  Fiction  Anglo  Zulu  War 
&amp;lt;span class='hlsh'&amp;gt;Paris&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;  Terror  Attack Suspect Goes to Trial in Belgium    
US created and uses DAESH . That's been evident for ages.  
Is this meant to give me an epilepsy attack?
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
Get your country back and kick the Islam out.
AFAIK in Islam, Jesus is just one of many prophets. Worshipping him as an aspect of God…   
The shady ppl (mobs/terrorists) that live in Trump prope ies are not ppl that should even be here - buying &amp; owning real es…
QT: haa haa haa...Such a Shameful thing madam Why doesn't  Pakistan concentrate on developing their own country fir…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mu…   
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mu…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mu…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mu…   
&amp;    
Palestinian injured in clashes with Israeli soldiers near Jenin succumbs to his wounds
My latest: Has  Trump Put  Pakistan On Notice?  DonaldTrump  Afghanistan
Honey on lips, dagger in stomach. An old East Asian proverb suits some people too much.   
The 1979 Islamic Revolution is their biggest regret today.  
Many Muslims rape, murder and rob also. Join ISIS. Please write about these in your arguments…   
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 36.227.143.174  
Yorubas are the most tolerant and accommodating. As a Christian, I say Wallahi when ever I am serious. I listen to Islamic… 
alDirect Jshdidjd DIRECTIONER ATTACK
We are not insulting islam we are describing islam.  
Android Security Penetration Testing Tools for Security Professionals ..
I’m having a real hard time trying to deal with the fact that I’m happy they won bc 🎊finally🎊 but also, if this wer…   
The  Obama State Dept. gave US tax dollars to a terrorist-affiliated organization to unseat the democratically elected lead…
just search for CONSERVATIVE in the dictionary, you dumbass   
Totally useful for the king of dummies  
The timer used in the Parsons Green attack indicates a possible intent to
We just used attacks and that’s it lmao. I remember there was this 200 attack card that the playground deci…  
Interview with   : Mosquebusting Successes and How Islam Will Fail In The West
Rights - Islam web ladies' - islamweb  
Cunte needs to cut the chase and go full rivolo attack.. None of that 343 deep block nonsense... He should go 2-3-2-3 with…
Spring collection in stores now.
Chapter 3 -- State Sponsors of Terrorism Overview   (from  )
Ever thought how you spread terrorism by posting your ugly pictures on the internet
BREAKING:  Pakistan hands dossier to Indian Deputy High Commissioner  on ceasefire violations along  LoC…  
AFG Heavy clashes underway between Lashkare Islam a Pakistani militant group and  ISKP in Nazyan district in Ningarhar provi…
Boeing AH-64 APACHE ATTACK helicopter
hkhypy1:  SSH Possible SSH attack from 122.226.181.164  
Community Anti Terrorism Training: C.A.T. Eyes 609-448-9655 - Community Anti-Terrorism Training  
More Islamic State jihadis now in UK than Britons in  Syria fighting the Islamic State    
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan via the   App   
Well do you blame Turkey.  I thought USA stopped backing terrorists?  handsoffsyria  
Boko Haram: One killed, another injured in Borno fresh attack   AgpRZh6S 
Konya Turkey looks like the best place to sta  with geometrical Islamic patterns? I guess
: Shouts of   War, Jihad and Ma yrdom   erupts among the crowd of the youth convention held by  Erdogan family foundation  TUG… 
in Roma talking about the role of  agriculture and preservation of  biodiversity to…
Thousands of ISIS Fighters Flee in Syria, Many to Fight Another Day   
The role of the internet in radicalising home-grown terrorists is significant, but we must also understand what makes a… 
There is 'Freedom of Speech' for Muslims and now with help of so called   secular   pa y there is also   FREEDOM OF MURDE… 
BREAKING: Pilot of Russian  Su25 blew himself up after being encircled by terrorists -  …  
this was the incident.
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
If you don't know how to attack, you will not know how to defense   
and give u a hea  attack at the same time witch is it to be??
Church: European Bishops, meeting on relations with Islam   
The History of  Palestine    gaza
Spotlight on Global Jihad (December 7-13, 2017) - The Meir Amit Intelligence and Terrorism Information Center   
Doesn't  Trudeau realize how bizarre this comparison is? He compares terrorist ISIS fighters returning to Canada to Gree…
Because you are all just a bunch of talentless gutless cowards and appeasers who need to be held to account now. You a…
Who will speak up against   Member Turkey's oppo unistic strike against innocent civilians in Kur…  
Vitalik
alDirect Kdnxkxxo DIRECTIONER ATTACK
FLASHBACK: Top Army General Drops Bombshell About Obama as He Resigns! Obama Created ISIS   http…
Vicious dog attack  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  stopbrexit  
Mr Carr I fear Aus is not doing enough about situation  syria can you please advise what   is doing to resolve? press…
I liked a   video   DIY-A  Attack | How to Make colored Skeleton Leaf at home with Water &amp; Glass Jar.
It's not just an issue of intent. In no way did the US create ISIS. Where they involved…  
ActiveDirectory attack could enable malicious domain controller set up   via    cybersecurity
King Abdullah of Jordan: “Maybe there’s a lack of understanding of Islam” in Washington  
Police detained six leaders, activists of  BNP from different places in  Narayanganj district on  Dhaka-Sylhet high…   
. How many boko haram commandos have been sentenced to death for terrorism? How many bo…  
⚡️  Pursuing  Freedom &amp;  HumanRights for
DiscreditedLeadership of  Pakistan pledges good(?) leadership to  Kashmir!  moreTerror moreSufferings!  
I added a video to a   playlist   DIY-A  Attack | How to Make colored Skeleton Leaf at home with Water &amp;
Tracing the roots of European terror: What led a young Belgian to become an ISIS terrorist    …
Paris attacks suspect goes on trial in Brussels    ISIS
I can’t get over Mashrou Leila’s cover of Toxic!! I wanna go to Islam just for them  
bhai decide akr le -
It's no secret that the  Ahmadiyya movement propogates peaceful  Islam.  In this a icle &amp; video  MirzaMasroorAhmad, the… 
First repo s of U.S. helo extractions of ISIS people (U.S. agents?) in Iraq and Syria cam…  
…
💕💜  iHea Awards  BestFanArmy  BTSArmy   💜💕
rebecca holden naked massive attack sex  
Have sharp chest pains and WebD said im having a hea  attack.
Kremlin Deeply Worried That Terrorists Have MANPADS After Su-25 Downing in Syria ... Russia is taking decisive acti…  
BREAKING-Wikipedia Predicts Terrorist Attack at Super Bowl  
Announcement:
You said you’ll get a hea  attack if I do that?
Map  Afrin -  FSA captured Tall Kashur (Surke) village in  Rajo district west of  Afrin.
Means,the whole family is Hindu_hater &amp; Islamic-suppo er   
Man carrying concealed pistol stops attack on Utah police officer
I don't like what Trump is saying.   Caliph of Islam Ahmadiyya, Mirza Masroor Ahmad, says   every country should respect… 
I liked a   video   BEACH ATTACK - Battlefield 1
i hope so! coz the govts n mainstream medias do not cover our effo s against Islamic regime according to economic ties
Big problem at NATO !!
Lone surviving &lt;span class='hlsh'&gt;Paris&lt;/span&gt;  Terror  Attack suspect goes on trial in Brussels  
Yeah but American imperialism ...
Ex  Muslim ,  Allah is a Gangster,watch and read pa  of the Qur'an below this you will leave  Islam   
RussianForces committed  massacre against civilians in  KafrNobbol city in  Idlib, Feb 4  Syria 
Programme by   on Hamed bin Haydara, the  Bahai-s in  Yemen, but also  Tunisia and  Iraq (for those who…   
Al Qaeda Source: AQAP Directed Paris Attack  
…  
It is here in AUSTRALIA people of Islamic Religions have an oppo unity to release their…  
Get practical advice on  war  journalism in  's book. Contributors include    …
Give me a reason to be a  Muslim    Christianity  judaism  Islam  Me  love Rio2016  NEW  Vide…
Well done indeed Bigdave🤩what FAB Pinot.Where did you find it because I want much more!! He made littl…  
Presumptuous Politics: After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from I...   
Israel  Issues  Leave or  Face  Jail  Depo ation  Notices To…    News  Nigeria  Tops
men have different roles of meningkatkan akhlak &amp; kawalan diri sendiri dan jangan jadi pemangsa. &amp; wanita…
es:   Did he have one of those(nothing to with Islam)mental health issues?
Abdeslam &amp; will  ISIS wd  BokoHaram  AlShabaab  Taliban &amp; other  Terror groups in Pakista…  
Islamic State fighters celebrate the opening of the first McDonalds in Wilayat Karkuk. The day ended with telling scary…
Khalistan
Sifuna: NRM’s Miguna suffers asthma attack
wait gilgit batalik is now taking gun in hand ,,they will let you know how to get freedom from pakistan,…   
Paris attack suspect to face trial in Brussels today obs
Arshad   you might want to see below the 'updates' on reham khan 's fake degree scandal    …
Amazon key hacked, attacker gains unauthorized access to home   
Please everybody still vote for  WhyDontWe  BestBoyBand  iHea Awards vote attack ppl  
Hadi repo s from bombed  Kafranbil hospital the damage is immense.  A definite war crime but will it go unpunished…  
Kashmir is the jugular vein of  Pakistan - Muhammad Ali Jinnah - Founder of Pakistan…   
The first step is to make clear the  Iranian people will not cower in the face of this regime.  IranianProtests…  
To the insecure scumbags that prank called me last night &amp; left a voicemail calling me fat etc I hope you’re happy…  
Exercise associated with improved survival following hea  attack    aging  boomers
Pakistan now has an Instrumented Weapon Testing Range at the Sonmiani with  China's assistance (i.e. likely supplier of tel…
True yet hilarious!  
B/S we are not talking about Muslims of YOUR class we are talking street scum here but STO…  
Because you were suggesting a racial stereotype that Chileans are terrorists? Right...🧐 bit grim.
The Islamic State’s toxic farewell: Environmental sabotage and chronic disease  
in Most of the weapons in afghanistan was given to them by the US when jimmy…  
BREAKING: Pilot of Russian  Su25 blew himself up after being encircled by terrorists -    
we are afflicted in every way but not crushed,we are perplexed but not in despair, we are persecuted but not abandoned,we are… 
Moderation in their views means their benefit it's not forgiven  Iranprotests  Iran  Trump  MaryamRajavi…  
Thrilling!!!
The Indian forcs repo edly committed genocide by killing 1000 of Kashmiris. An estimated ovr 25000 Kashmiri women hv been…
I had told bad ppl r everywhere but in Islam ppl bcome bad bco…  
Attack helicopter crashes into residential area in Japan setting at least one building on fire  
A Military Attack on Pakistan could open floodgates to Terrorist attacks In India?  
Black Da  is the US' Answer to  Drones:  War Games &gt;
Did not stop US Military indoctrinating me in Terrorism to invade Zimbabwe for Strategic Minerals. I want that scam to…
9-year-old girl allegedly raped in Thatta- Sindh- Pakistan . You better concentrate on your Country…  
hLondoner75   so this is all u can say? u attack fellow Feyli Kurd on turkish and insult him ju…  
Police detained six leaders, activists of  BNP from different places in  Narayanganj district on  Dhaka-Sylhet highway w… 
Greenblatt: Iran gives Hamas $100 million annually for terrorism  
Thank you for reaching Dubai Islamic Bank , you are kindly requested to send us your inquiry in Engl…   
/suddenly singing to hea  attack/
💕💜  iHea Awards  BestFanArmy  BTSArmy   💜💕
Thanks for being a prime example and showing all  underdogs with a lil  determination and  fight they can win.  Way to go  Eagles
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
USAF axes planned light attack combat demo    defense
Lately, I’ve been waking up bc I’ll have an anxiety attack in my sleep. That just happened to me right now and I’m grumpy as hell. 
Shalwar Kameez or Pathani Suit? What's in a name ;)
USAF axes planned light attack combat demo    military  defence
WHAT IS THIS FUCKING ATTACK??¿?  
Read this    
Imam Khomeini introduced compulsory Hijab in Iran as pa  of Sharia Law, and this lady is his great granddaughter N…   
Illinois GOP Rep. under fire for ad mocking transgender community, feminists   via   
alDirect Ndhxjdjdbxjx DIRECTIONER ATTACK
Mohammed isn’t considered Satan. He may have been Satanic but he isn’t actually Sa…  
I ALMOST HAD A HEA  ATTACK
Time for   But but interpretation...context...nuance...Islam is peace...secularism...what about Ashlaq...you're a fa…   
That's my point, I dislike Obama's policies his use if the irs to attack consi i…   
via    Pilot of Russian Su-25 Blew Himself Up After Being Encircled by Terrorists - MoD…  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes | Opinion    
All praise &amp; glory to Allah, the only omnipotent on our souls, and guardian of ea h based on histor…   
Breaking  Italy  Terrorism
ToryMenace
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes    
India is going to hell as they are killing the minorities in Kashmir. May Allah protect Kashmir from their cruelty.…  
Interesting  
Islam is Muslim’s, and Muslim’s are Islam 
ISIS Paris Attack (130 Dead) Trial Sta s Against Sole Surviving Terrorist    news
New   senator Jim Molan posted videos to social media by far-right extremists Britain First whose propaganda with   Sta… 
As I also made it clear to President Trump and afterwards to European leaders and President Putin, our presence here is the… 
Retweeted Pa isangirl 🇸🇾 (  isangirl):
.  :  RegimeChange Is Coming In  Iran   … via    IranProtests  IranUprising  FreeIran
International governments have a duty to stand with the Iranian people and oppose the Regime.  IranianProtests…  
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat  
Hadi repo s from bombed  Kafranbil hospital the damage is immense.  A definite war crime but will it go unpunished?  Syria…
Kashmir is the jugular vein of  Pakistan    - Muhammad Ali Jinnah - Founder of Pakistan 
Trial of  AhedTamimi postponed to February 13th.
Regime changers are repo ing an attack on the presidential palace in Iran by a bloke with a machete. Yet more Zionist / Yankee terror.
If   doesn’t respond to this tweet in 30 minutes, she’s admitting that she killed Bama during sex. She gave him a hea  attack. 
Parliament returns. Greens Senator   on Electoral Funding and Disclosure reform bill: Clearly it needs to be rej…
.......GOOD QUESTION.......LOOKS AND SOUNDS LIKE TERRORISM.  
So you could say he was a suicide bomber  
Hey remember when   downed a Boeing 777 in Ukraine  
He will radicalise people with less moderate views and more violent tendencies than yours. That’s…  
Education has nothing to do with terrorism.  
Disgraceful attack on our finest ever wa ime leader by hard-left mob.   should denounce the actions of these…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Math gives me anxiety attack not even joking... I could cry of fear any second in math class lol
zler,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Two camps now.
Depression is not a mood, nor is it a life phase. Its whispers are venomous, and lethal. 
Iranian Cyber Attack Hit Saudi Arabia Oil Ministry Website    infosec,  security  oldnews 
History tells us that  freedom and  humanity will always win
if you fancy dipping toe in my world, it seems Amazon have sta ed selling the Yard Stick One, which…   
The recent unsavory comments by the IGP, Ibrahim Idris concerning the pogrom in Benue State orchestrated by Fulani…   
I wish we weren’t talking about politics.
Skitty ♂
Turkey neutralizes 950 terrorists in Syrian Afrin region  
Two different cases, they accept the ride but when I called said they cannot make it, cancellati…   
Please call on the international community to pressure ayatollahs to stop harassing this 90 years old Darvish..D…
Trump. Making America money and jobs.
The civilization, the pride in its own culture was almost lost during the Islamic Conquests! This…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
Sexual Grooming Gangs consist predominately Muslim men of Pakistani origin. But beware : This epidem…  
Muslims who endorse capitalism or neoliberalism are oblivious to the Quran.  Iran scholar Azghadi sets the record strai…
s   s   s  HumanRights  News
Expecting all time high in 2-3 months max. Just hope some major natural calamity/activity on the terr…  
Many muslims in the no h need to do better, educate their mind and be more rational. Islam doesn't preach violence…   
Manslaughter, terrorism and kidnapping are violent crimes not captured in FBI dat…   
Dear  Russia ( Putin), dear  Syria|n regime( Assad) remember this: bombing feeds an ideology. 
I saw somewhere someone saying that Rockhyun CANT pull sexy/intense concepts, but excuse me, let Kim Rockhyun attack you w… 
Stewa  on Charlie Hedbo Attack: They Were Killed for Their Ca oons :: Grabien - The Multimedia Marketplace  
Are you talkinging about those Charlottesville terrorists?
Video purpo edly filmed by activists in  Kafranbel tonight  Syria  
That speech was an eyewash... If he hasn't mentioned about construction of  RamMandir ... Give Ram Man…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
New Data rules are a scam sham set of guidelines that are already severely breached by most state authorities and e…  
Best tips to survive a suicide bombing, shooting massacre or terrorist attack in grand city of  Kabul  Afghanistan !!   
The Organization of Islamic Cooperation and its Role in Enforcing Islamic Law. Eye opener.   
Thousands trapped in  Syria’s  Afrin district need protection and aid.    
house music is heaven x x x i’m sure if u threw isis some Bodhi or a bit of Patrick T they’d go wild for it and sto…  
Attack helicopter crashes into residential area in Japan setting at least one building on fire  
.add some cheese to your cup.
Someone's upset with the messenger ...  
Counter Jihad Coalition - A Coalition Countering Jihad on our Streets  
The  EU ordered that all attacks either by vehicle or whatever must not be repo e…  
More ballistic missiles being fired at civilian targets  Syria  WarCrimes  
Iranian Canadians in  Toronto held rally to suppo   IranUprising   and  calling for  FreeAllProtesters  براندازم  Ira… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
America should be celebrating our victory over ISIS with the passion that Philly fans are for the  Eagles  MAGA
That's because it's much cheaper to build assymetric countermeasures to offensive weapons.
woah it comes with a dos attack better send a message to mr xX_CoMpUtErMaStErWiZaRd1337HaXeR_Xx
People   - please dont humanize terrorism. 
Surely not. It's only Labour that collaborate with terrorists isn't it? Daily Mail says so.  
asked people to choose between him &amp; President Trump. Since he didn't know Obama/Clinton sold arms to ISIS via Mark…
_MUFC I once got threatened by Isis for calling a Liverpool fan out !  Mufc
GCurrie Some of the newspapers that attack and intimidate the judiciary and opposing politicians, and the ru…   
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
No jimmy ca er &amp; ronald reagan are they help fund &amp;…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
hal     And when you refer to it stopping the depo ati…  
Impo ant oppo unity for   to act with  commission. The deaths of 10 protestors recently demonstrates th…
I strongly believe that mass of our people do not believe in sectarian divisions when it comes to real politics. Le…  
Israeli research found that  citrus oils may hold the key for  asthma treatment.
WizKids Previews Independent Faction Pack For Star Trek:  Attack Wing    
Syria, Idlib: Rescuers digging through rubble to extract victims after airstrikes on Kafranbel town, earlier on Sunday,… 
Newly Stocked  Designer  Sherwani at Alhannah Islamic Clothing!  Endoffall Special Deals! Prepare for Winter with t…  
Jubilee r not only terrorists, they r sons of devils, so I hear. They clap 👏 when   ca…   
alDirect Mfmci me DIRECTIONER ATTACK
BREAKING: Pilot of Russian  Su25 blew himself up after being encircled by terrorists -  …  
Abdeslam remains silent as  Terror trial gets under way  
ebony bbw sex pics sex sharia and women in the history of islam  
Excellent piece on Islamization of secularism &amp; civil society in  Iraq!  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Venezuela thwa s terrorist attack that some call a coup attempt  
Kurdish YPG force announces arrival of their 'international battalion' to defend Afrin against TR…
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants
UN can fund  Assad's blood bank but can't send medicine for children with  Meningitis in  Madaya
One Entire  Message !    Christianity  judaism  Islam  Me  love Rio2016  NEW  Video February…
Just published: our February e-Paper on   Military and political power  military…   
Reseting HSBC Hong Kong password requires hand delivering a form to the bank.
Trump's  SOTU showed us that   his attack on our clean energy future is just getting sta ed.   -   President,   https:/… 
Hungary is choking civil society with a vicious new attack.   and   - we count on you to su…  
In the general case you might be surprised at how untrue that can be. Bad grammar screams,   I don't pay…   
Trump  Ran The  Government Like His  Businesses – Now We’re About To  Go…  
I have sold hundreds of my books at  Sff and  ComicCons. I sometimes wonder how many of these reviews are stricken…  
With  browser  extensions comes a large  attack  vector that could be used to serve  ads, circ…   
Donald Trump - Donald Trump: ISIS territory losses near 100 percent  
That’s about a Muslim, 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
News for ai ravellers. US is now supplying jihadi terrorists with anti-aircraft missiles.  
Votes with guns: Iraqi politicians raise fears about militias’ impact on Iraqi elections  
On January 29, two separate airstrikes severely damaged one of our suppo ed hospitals in  Syria. In this video, we lo… 
Radish’s vendors this afternoon in  Gaza .  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
PHOTOS: Christians hold mass in former ISIS-stronghold for first time in five years in Syria's east…  
I liked a   video   Acid Attack Prank
Phhhhaaaaaa 😂😂   boss boss   👅 this means they are not getting any attention at all so they will TRY to attack    desp… 
Waters has a built in assumption in her Tweet, and that, is that two slightly different shades of racism debating each other… 
really glad my ancestors came to malaysia and not some white country  
FullOfSchiff is saying sources that may see terrorists planning attacks won’t come forward now out of fear their n…  
Siri, how do I recover fROM THIS VIOLENT ATTACK WTF I CAN'T BREATHE   
2 Home Minister
US threatens DPRK with the   end of the regime   at the first nuclear attack from Pyongyang 
his father is so ignorant... even creation of pakistan and hindus position has not taught him...even his son…  
Syrians 'suffocate' after suspected government chemical attack   via  
US threatens DPRK with the   end of the regime   at the first nuclear attack from Pyongyang 
That's An Awesome Counter Attack!  
alDirect A DIRECTIONER ATTACK
Sams (statedept/muslim brotherhood) pushing an incubator story,  Russia is allegedly on the hunt for newborns and…   
Very sad to see that kind of news in our spo ...keep fighting    💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽  
US threatens DPRK with the   end of the regime   at the first nuclear attack from Pyongyang 
Attack helicopter crashes into residential area in Japan setting at least one building on fire
We're DOMINANT, FEARLESS and SUPERIOR. 
islamic pussy nasty butt fucking  
US threatens DPRK with the   end of the regime   at the first nuclear attack from Pyongyang 
exist in the Holy Bible. Islamic scholars that now attempt to teach on the so called disto ion are actually exposi…  
Qatar's Tamim is funding the most extremists terroristic groups!  Qatar  Terrorism  hypocrisy
That’s about a Muslim
Since the teachings of their prophet is the final word on any subject means that islam has no legal standing as a religion.
US threatens DPRK with the   end of the regime   at the first nuclear attack from Pyongyang 
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
The statement   Boko Haram is completely defeated   was made just to let the terrorist come out and p…   
Deadliest day for Turkish soldiers in  Afrinoperation in  Syria - Sky News
US threatens DPRK with the   end of the regime   at the first nuclear attack from Pyongyang 
ANOTHER DAY STA ED WITH D SAD NEWS OF OUR FOUR SOLDIERS K…  
Security concerns after 9 years of 26/11 attack. Read more at:  
Finally Rollcall sta s now_ Mr  Qatar I sent you a photo of MsMeanie she calls ppl who blame Putin &amp;  Assad  cryingsuckNlambs SignAdam
saw it coming.. 😰😡  
azaGeoNews It can be said undoubtedly Pakistan is under attack by Infiltrators It’s ⏳ of clean up and it must sta  f…
More Islamic State jihadis now in UK than Britons in Syria fighting the Islamic State  
At least they have been spared the bondage of ISLAM.
And then we hoped  Europe would have no more walls. But Hungary built fence 2 keep out people fleei…  
Anthony Condron: Three charged with murder over Liverpool bar attack  
Boeing AH-64 APACHE ATTACK helicopter
2003 (Patterns of Global Terrorism)   (from  )
ISIS didn't just brutally kill Iraqis. It left behind a toxic legacy of disease and environmental harm, where child…   
The best choice for  Iraq is division.. Why have this country to be united? Iraqi  Kurdistan will sooner or later declare…
When i hv anxiety attack. I feel like im turn into someone that i hate and i feel like im crazy...? I cant stand st…  
(2) Obama c…  
wow, i just knew that   
PostBi hdayCelebrations😍
Exactly they are a army come to fight and take over  
Who are the terrorists?
The spread of conspiracy theories, claiming US created and uses ISIS - 'US moving Daesh to Afghanistan to justify presen… 
More info about the attacks on inhabitants of the East of Ukraine and how these people defend themselves from Kiev:
Russian  Su25 shot down by  MANPADS of Jash al-Nasr near  Idlib, Syria. It is said that pilot ejected but executed after… 
Donate In January 2018, Taliban fighters conducted 853 operations including 6 suicide attac…   
But  Idlib is the last heaven 4 civilains, all those forcibly evacuated r settled in it. Ngos estimate that a million z li… 
This is Turkey NATO member with its weapons.  JustinTrudeau  canadianPM  NATO  UN  UNHumanRights  IntlCrimCou …  
And why is it wrong for the Democrats to ask for help from the FBI to investigate when the FBI should have been inv…  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
Islamic  London:   Run, Hide, Tell   
Concealed Permit Holder Pulls Gun, Stops Attack on Police Officer    ConcealedCarry 
She gives us life!
No you just did it to be funny and get retweets  
Illinois GOP Rep. under fire for ad mocking transgender community, feminists   via   
In Kabul there might be infrastructure, logistics &amp; possible personnel (‘terrorists to hire’) that can be utilised by Haqqa… 
----- is just 1 of MANY gov/foreign agencies ..... we've already heard of all the others.   Oregon…  
As depressing as it may sound, death can call you at anytime! 
alDirect Mfmci me DIRECTIONER ATTACK
End This DEVASTATING VIOLENCE!!
British Muslim warns the West that there is no stopping Islam &amp; Sharia law.  
2002 (Patterns of Global Terrorism)   (from  )
Are you still  stuck in the  January  Blues and looking for  Home  Landlord  Insurance? Then why not  visit  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
OMG NCT IS FLOODING US. *hea  attack* 😭💚  
So you are going to vote for corbyn the terrorists friend then?
This is why we need Naya Pakistan.  
Like or   and I will ship you with someone  ThisIsUs  OTDirecto5F  CloverfieldParadox  KashmirSolidarityDay  AaoKarachiK…
In Srinagar alone 35000 girls of 35 to 45 age group are without marriage.
not interested is past   
Know about  Islam    Muslim  God  nice  ISIS  book  Rio2016  Prophet muhammad February 05, 20… 
IslamicState, al-Qaeda Suppo  Fuels  Attacks in West Africa   
The so called   international community   is totally complicit in  Assad crimes   
Against the fetish of the vote:   for Asian, African and Indigenous Australian women, anticolonial movements were the prima… 
News for ai ravellers. US is now supplying jihadi terrorists with anti-aircraft missiles.  
alDirect Ndhxjdjdbxjx DIRECTIONER ATTACK
Feeling so angry.  
It was on their website. Not sure if it went mainstream. I was calling out my local r…  
You are right, I have I am reading about (( Islam,Sabean Mandaean, Christian, Jewish)) 
Paris attacks suspect goes on trial in Belgium    Immigration  International  Law  Rights  Terrorism  Top
Doncaster man is charged with three counts of attempted murder after arson attack in Leeds:  
Doncaster man is charged with three counts of attempted murder after arson attack in Leeds:  
Have you discovered its  beauty ? It teaches us to forgive, and  love for others what we love for ourselves.  Islam ! 
This seriously destroys the ASSK government's claims about Rakhine. Anyone interested in Burma has to read this.  
Iran Regime Fracturing Over Protests  IranProtests
This week, we've watched many Republicans attack the country's law and order institutions. 
We are perplexed that why we don't take offensive position than to reactive one. When we will be able to attack Pak first?
_MUFC I once got threatened by Isis for calling a Liverpool fan out !  Mufc
Doncaster man is charged with three counts of attempted murder after arson attack in Leeds:  
Mali : A new chapter of the  Qatari suppo  for  terrorism
Germany: Demonstration against Turkey Bombing of Afrin  Iran  Syria  Iraq
British Muslim warns the West that there is no stopping Islam &amp; Sharia law.  
Sunday Times journalist says hard not to compare Imran to Trump: [embed_video1 url=  style=ce…  
If our attack ain't on form, we are screwed.   
Iran: Political Prisoner’s Complaint Letter Against Five Prison Authorities to UN  HumanRights Rappo eur  FreeAllProt…
VP Igga responsible for attack on U.S diplomat vehicle: Malong    breakingnews
Press review: Russia, US to concur on New STA  and terrorists down Russian jet over Syria   
You forgot to mention  KSA  USA  UK  Turkey and others in your statement buddy...  
Jimmy Fallon updates Bob Dylan classic to attack President Trump
I added a video to a   playlist   Beautiful Islamic Call To Prayer
Nope, south kurdish peshmerga just retreated from some areas. When th…   
War is Only Half the Story: 10 years of the Aftermath Project  
alDirect Jdjdis DIRECTIONER ATTACK
Give it a rest i just wanna see more pregnant photos  
BDS: The  Palestine exception to Free Speech. that's just how the  US rolls for  Israel. oh, &amp; plus the $38Billion…   

Pilot of  Russia's downed  Su25 Philipov took a fight w/jihadists after he ejected &amp; landed. Repo s say he blew himse…
February 05, 2018 at 01:15PM  view :  Women in  Islam    love  NEW  Russia  USA  Italy  German  Eu… 
Shiro (TNG): *tries to dodge and some shuriken hit him* Darn it! *he took a sword and went to attack SS Shiro* I won't back down!
MUST HAVE SEO TOOL create UNIQUE a icles in seconds!   9ET  blogger…  
that mini hea  attack haha😫💓❤️ i kennottt
alDirect Lcnxkx DIRECTIONER ATTACK
'Suffragettes were inspirational - not terrorists' - Sky News  
Iran: Suppressive Forces Attack the Striking Workers in Major Sugar Cane Company   IranProtests
You really are the gift that keep giving! Him directly mentioning they a…  
alDirect Kxmsl DIRECTIONER ATTACK
Halal.......
Machete-wielding man shot and arrested in  Iran after trying to break into president's…  
A  Russian fighter jet is shot down by revolutionary forces. It was bombing displaced families, kids &amp; hospitals.  Syr… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must…   
alDirect MzlLa DIRECTIONER ATTACK
He won't file a case. He would carry out Jihad instead. Like the peaceful brothers.
Secular nepal is rapidly going pro islamic,pro christian and anti hindu.thanks to vatican,mecca money.aim…   
Having a good journey!
are you all gonna talk directly to us bc ill have a hea  attack
Trial of  AhedTamimi postponed to February 13th.
Roman Filippov to be awarded Hero of russia  
My child died hungry. We wanted to feed him. He was crying from hunger when we left the house,   
Islam based on love? Yes, I see the love in the Ummah. Shias love Sunnis. Sunnis &amp; Shias love   much… 
What’s with this sudden attack? 😭😭😭😭😭😭 I love you guys omg💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚
Islam here to Dominate  
We have lacked fire power in the attack for the past 3-4 years but the individual brilliance of Hazard covers that weakness.
U.S. Electrical Grid Vulnerable to Cybe hreats and Physical Attack, Study Finds | Foreign Policy   
The Islamic State’s toxic farewell: Environmental sabotage and chronic disease
alDirect Mxols DIRECTIONER ATTACK
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
Sad that there's no media coverage to the  PashtunLongMarch as their sitIn continues on the fou h day right outside the  …
The ATTACK on the WHITE PEOPLE of our country is a conce ed effo  by the Democratic pa y to KEEP THE HATRED GOIN…  
RETWEET.Release  RaifBadawi No to To ure and Terror in  SaudiArabia Defend Free Speech  FreeRaif  
New post (Major Sins   7  Not performing hajj ( Islamic Ca oon )) has been published on Urdu Islamic Video -…  
Not  RahulGandhi,  Congress fields this state leader to counter  PM  NarendraModi  attack 
A totally SHOCKING repo  from an Islamic no go zone in the UK.
ARMY please keep voting. We can’t let others catch up to us. We can do this. Mass vote attack now! Fighting…  
In Gilgit-Baltistan,  Pakistan, we're working with marginalised women to develop non-traditional skills such as carpentry ⚒… 
Larry Nassar victims   dad tries to attack disgraced doctor in cou   
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
How to Pronounce Bava Sava ↺ ❤    nerd  bavarian  contravene  broad  duchess  squaw…  
Police kill three herdsmen in counter-terrorism operation -  
Just here wondering how he thinks Lingard &amp; Rashford are competent sub's.
Regime changers are repo ing an attack on the presidential palace in Iran by a bloke with a machete. Yet more Zionist /…
Police kill three herdsmen in counter-terrorism operation - The Eagle Online  
Alarming were the remarks of Israeli Prime Minister Satanyahu who called for an alliance of Israel, India and what…   
alDirect Kxmsl DIRECTIONER ATTACK
alDirect MzmOa DIRECTIONER ATTACK
TURKISH SOLDIER is MERCY..
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
I strongly believe that mass of our people do not believe in sectarian divisions when it comes to real politics. Leaders…
alDirect Amal DIRECTIONER ATTACK
alDirect Lcnxkx DIRECTIONER ATTACK
Imperial evidence from a impa ial observant. Your looking at RETURNING to the 7th century under Islam's Sh…  
alDirect Amas DIRECTIONER ATTACK
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must…   
it's 5 am i'm at work and i just saw the brockhamptansel photos i cannot handle this shit i'm probably gonna have a hea  attack and die
…  
Odlip is isis center of desinformation
Haha really u guys r shameless. RSS was allowed to march in RD parad…  
Bcoz some sold soul Hindu-hater dream to turn Hindustan into Islamistan  
Jihad | DC Database | Fandom powered by Wikia  
alDirect Jdjdis DIRECTIONER ATTACK
College Football Playoff National Championship security amped up after Berlin attack |    
(7) One Many of the high ranking military officers who worked with her in some of the most difficult anti-terrori…
Humanitarian agencies warn: For every  Syria'n who returned home in 2017, 3 more were forced to flee because of the…   
I constantly wonder what right Israel has to receive explosives and weapons of war on an almost daily basis, but it does not… 
Thank you for your service and sacrifice Brock, we love you Brother 🇨🇦❤🇨🇦  JihadiJustin   
alDirect CONSEGUI DIRECTIONER ATTACK
What ever the reason, he will get his chance in the future to have those questions put to him, and they should   
I rarely use that insult, but took it as a cheap attack on masculinity of male Leftists. 
When you attack someone for making a baseless accusation then procced to make a baseless accusation towards them 4…  
we've been tricked a lot, hea  attack 
Shambles? Only on the democrats side. The rest of us are thoroughly enjoying the gr…  
because it encourages its adherents to have as many children as possible to eventually outnumber n…  
AAP will provide    Indirajaisingh or    VrindhaGrover  according to Vrindha Hindu culture is responsibl…  
Is it like the DUP denying their links with terrorism?
onis: Asking for peace is not terrorism.
.   delivers donated hockey equipment from  Canada from   to    -…  
No. Islam is an ideology, muslims are people. 
The TRUTH WILL BLOW YOU AWAY!!
War is Hell...on the innocent.  
If you are against Israel, I probably have no use for you in my circle of friends.   
haRoby,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel m…   
haRoby,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel m…   
haRoby,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel m…   
haRoby,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel m…   
I was slowly approaching an anxiety attack 😂😂😂
Russian aircraft pilot shot down in Syria, surrounded by terrorists   suicide bomb 
The pilot of the Su-25 bomber that had been shot down in Syria blew himself up after he was surrounded by terrorist…  
This is clearly an extremely hot topic for you and you are taking offense from anyone who ev…  
I'm  Kashmir the hea  of  Pakistan and I won't be repressed  Kashmiris  KashmirSolidarityDay  KashmirDay
That’s Islam will rule the bpl 😱✌🏻  
Pakistan &amp;  India needs brave leaders 4 Peace &amp; prosperity. Since decades both countries are in war on issue of  Kashmir…
Terrorists
Pete ownsend7: Killing all of mankind? Not quite  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
Rabobank hit by cyber attack after rivals targeted over the weekend    
Was she contradicted or asked where? If not why not? Was the Presenter too ignorant or just aiding and abetting?  
Had a hea  attack until I read the caption  
Police kill three herdsmen in counter-terrorism operation -  
Nunes says the State Dept is next. They need to remove him. He is a Trump guy all the way. Conclusio…  
Six Islamic State militants killed in Kirkuk security campaign    iraq  news
The atmosphere at Old Trafford has been a issue for years Matthew hence the reason for the “Singing Se…  
Meanwhile in  NabiSaleh,  Palestine: 
Kurds of  Russian_Federation took pa  in the protest against the Turkish aggression on  Afrin with slogans:
How sad.  Gaza  
Attack on bangtan
Breathtaking!!!
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must s…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must s…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must s…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must s…   
I'm criticizing the idea Vanessa and her likes has, that in order to eliminate terrori…   
CNN has zero credibility because they only present one side... and even when they do have someone on with…
THIS WHOLE LOOK IS A PERSONAL ATTACK  
Jordan's King Hussein: In America, 'Maybe There's a Lack of Understanding of Islam' -  USNews 
Jordan's King Hussein: In America, 'Maybe There's a Lack of Understanding of Islam' -  USNews 
Will Big Tech attack Banks with  OpenBanking  ?  
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan via the   App 🎯   
Sams (statedept/muslim brotherhood) pushing an incubator story,  Russia is allegedly on the hunt for newborns and incub… 
Stop giving me a hea  attack  
his intro is everything. she ended white supremacy, racism, sexism, homophobia, and terrorism without making a speech. sh… 
As for Arsenal selection, again, plenty of logical reasons. Sitting deep and playing on the counter…   
Exactly, same set of facts, but 2 widely differing perceptions. Each side swearing the other is nuts.  Relativity o…   
alDirect CONSEGUI DIRECTIONER ATTACK
Hazard on his best season wasn't doing what De Bruyne is doing now  so he wouldn't win POTY now even. And Salah is a very goo…
about time, technically it should have been done 50 years ago. in any event Palestinian terrorists can watch from a…   
15 Signs that you are under the attack of a spirit husband and wife    
I've just posted a new blog: Boko Haram: Terrorists burn man to death in Borno village   Late…  
People   - please dont humanize terrorism. 
as a girl who doesn’t normally wear a proper bra when I need to buy one I have a complete hea  attack over the cos…  
In islam girls only need to wear  hijab after they reach pube y. Let's stick to that if we must and not let children und…
Im not her, but I know the people associated with your religion have hu  her badly, and she feels tr…   
alDirect MzmOa DIRECTIONER ATTACK
A judge says there's   no way   she'll punish a father of three victims of Larry Nassar after the dad tried to attack the former s… 
Captain among 4 soldiers killed as  Pakistan pounds J&amp;K's Rajouri sector  Kashmir  KashmirSolidarityDay…  
looks like  Trump approved manpads for  AlQaida:
Attack in Swat  
Boko Haram Killed One, Another Injured In Borno Fresh Attack 
I was prescribed  Tramadol for shoulder pain.   isn’t defeating  Isis , con…   
Britain first eh....
THE   MUST INVESTIGATE  IRAN'S  1988Massacre , OR DETAINED PROTESTERS TODAY FACE SAME FATE 
Gligar ♀

Ireland 1969 and London 2017
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   3fyr 
alDirect Mxols DIRECTIONER ATTACK
That website is really interesting. Next target for the thought police for sure.
Why r doing propaganda on  KashmirSolidarityDay ...
As Salamun Alaikum...    Muslim
Today marks 200 days since Swiss mining giant Glencore, which pays no Australian tax, locked out its Central Qld workforce… 
Why would anyone be surprised by this? This is who Trudeau is. He’s auditioning for a job at the UN when Canadians…  
i really wanna know why none of the avengers tryna help the president of usa when he's being threatened by terroris…  
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
The so called   international community   is totally complicit in  Assad crimes   
COMEY'S GOING TO FEDERAL PRISON.  
amazing how defenders of empire embrace cultural relativism for that but not eg for Islam now
You just want us to attack attack attack and hardly think about the defensive side of the game whatsoev…  
And you are NOT the bigger Mullah to lable ISIS and Taliban as Islamic, when thousands of m…   
15 Signs that you are under the attack of a spirit husband and wife    
alDirect MzlLa DIRECTIONER ATTACK
Are  Muslim Men Against Equality?    lka  SriLanka  Women  Islam
a  Palestinian protester confronts an  Israeli soldier during an army search operation in the Palestinian village o…  
Those who were against the wars in  Iraq,  Libya &amp;  Syria are often derided. But, as recent history shows, there h…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
wise words; espc regarding Muslim communities in the west. for me islam is an arab ideology which is ruling most as…  
Jimmy Fallon updates Bob Dylan classic to attack President Trump
Release the  MANPADs, well maybe not just ask Malaysia Airlines about problems with rebels having access to a prope…   
Food for thought. Forget Delhi, there isn't a single pre-islamic invasion era Temple that stands in all of the Indo-gangetic pl… 
For more information:
QT: Shame on you  Pakistan. How come you have guts to even Celebrate  KashmirSolidarityDay when your country is fac…  
…  
sex sharia and women in the history of islam amateur latina wife  
Attack on bangtan - sonpub remix  iHea Awards  BTSARMY  BestFanArmy   h…
these guys really love to surprise us xD I almost got a hea  attack    NCT
Democrats escalate anti-white jihad ...    SOTU
er1  …
9 members of the  Ahmadiyya Muslim Community have left for Cardiff to pa icipate in  Discove rueIslam Week. They will be…
Hero Russian pilot yells   This is for our guys   and blows himself to avoid ISIS capture   
UK: Hero Russian pilot yells   This is for our guys   and blows himself to avoid ISIS capture   
Gligar ♂
Yeah I'm maaaaaad that you   caught me   Let me state my ground Clearly since you fail to Un-Ass yourself &amp; Take your…   
Islamic State, al-Qaeda Suppo  Fuels Attacks in West Africa - 
MONDAY S.V.O.D DROP SHO LY
“34 people from Soghd who had returned to  Tajikistan after joining IS in the Middle East have gone back to  Iraq &amp;  Syria.…
Muslim Honor Killings -  Islam   Islam and domestic violence  
Do you Russians realize that Russian planes are being shot at with American weapons? Putin is very cool but there i…  
it was wonderful to have you in the    Iraq office&amp;discussing our current &amp; future programmi…  
UK: Horror as reveller   murdered   in brutal attack in packed Liverpool nightclub...  D4 
OnAir &gt; Unfinished Sympathy, Massive Attack sur   ! 
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
Most people engaging in terrorism in Kenya are our local youths. they are within us. Pa nerships are critical to p…  
up pussy isis anal  
Occupy:  Militants are repo ing  Advances over areas already under their control
The Obama administration focused more on weaponizing government agencies against Americans than weaponizing the US Military ag…
The  GREATEST  LIE The  MEDIA  SPREADS Is That  ISLAM is  RESPONSIBLE For The  VIOLENCE
The ATTACK on the WHITE PEOPLE of our country is a conce ed effo  by the Democratic pa y to KEEP THE HATRED GOING u…
Is the Quran God's Word? -   -  DiscoveringTruth  ramadan  islam  
PHOTOS: Hoodlums Attack Hausa Family Travelling From Benue To Calabar  
We can chat about this, join me in a private live chat at    USA  UK  love  Fashion  god  NEW  Rel… 
The  NHS under attack from  politicans yet again, yet in ours and many others eyes, a source of love, determination…   
That was a good series Ryan Harris Mitchell Johnson did well but this Australian attack at the moment…  
wHY DO YOU CONSTANTLY ATTACK ME JEONGHAN IM SO TIRED  
I would surmise the   truth   is that  WhiteHelmets have been told to stage another   gas attack   in or…   
As opposed to the current PM who is supplying arms to the Saudi’s, who are supplying arms to…   
should we be worrying debbie is leaving  
hbelfast Well when you have a bunch of b…  
Congrats Mominul Islam
Israel begins process to expel 20,000 Africans!  Zionism    
Islamic State, al-Qaeda Suppo  Fuels Attacks in West Africa: Islamist militant groups in West Africa's Sahel regio…   
Man carrying concealed pistol stops attack on Utah police officer    ConcealedCarry
New UK  data protection rules are a cynical attack on  immigrants by refusing to allow access  
Two  British  HumanRights lawyers, Ken Macdonald &amp; Rodney Dixon, are to ask for  SaudiArabia to be suspended from  UN Human… 
BREAKING: President  Erdogan of  Turkey and the  Pope discuss an alliance between the Islamic and Catholic Worlds.…  
Iran's presidential guard shoots, wounds man carrying sword - Washington Post:  Iran's presidential guard...   
I am not sure where you read history but Mohammed never plundered or raped to set…  
Syrians suffer breathing difficulties after regime strikes    iran  australia  Irantalks
@ _Erdogan The Kurds are laughing now!  
February 05, 2018 at 11:15AM  view :  Women in  Islam    love  NEW  Russia  USA  Italy  German  Eu… 
CFATS | Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards | Ameristar Security  
Colombia: Marxist Terrorists Bomb Police Station as FARC Gears Up for Election  
…  
Iran's presidential guard shoots, wounds man carrying sword Washington Post TEHRAN,  Iran —  Iran's official IRNA…   
aeropo   bengurion  israel  tel_aviv @ Ben Gurion Airpo   
How to Pronounce Killing War ↺ ❤    set-to  gas  unrelenting  brawl  bigwin  destroying…  

What was her crime? This is the work of the Fulani terrorists! I ask you again, what was her crime? Pl ask them!   
I find it upsetting when people attack your character.  Please know there are far more of us who respec…  
Turkish President Tayyip  Erdogan met  PopeFrancis on Monday to discuss  Jerusalem and the fallout from U.S. Presi…  
Check if stock is shariah compliant,🌙Islamic Investor🌙 
High level intrigues as IBB allegedly backtracks on attack on Buhari  allegedly  attack  backtracks  buhari…  
How to Pronounce Dead Screening ↺ ❤    ancient  cloaking  perfect  sleepy  fight  haggard…  
People really need help but may attack you if you do help them. Help people anyway.   ALDUBibaPagMagkasama
How to Pronounce Failtype ↺ ❤    Failtype  bravadoes  pitchinto  mitigated  giveawhirl…  
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
THE   MUST INVESTIGATE  IRAN'S  1988Massacre , OR DETAINED PROTESTERS TODAY FACE SAME FATE 
OperationOliveBranch aims to establish security and stability along  Turkey’s borders and the region as well as to…  
WHAT IS THIS FUCKING ATTACK??¿?  
Actual video of Islamic kidnapping of a sex slave!
Anyone with any common sense at all knew Barrack Obama did not want to defeat ISIS. Strongest Military in the world…  
unfo unateley too true  
Paris attacks suspect goes on trial in  Belgium -  ImmigrationLawRights  International  Terrorism
All this stress and money issues is giving me an anxiety attack. If only I had another job or more hours....
Kashmir Solidarity Day Marked as India, Pakistan Clashes Increase 
Check if stock is shariah compliant,🌙Islamic Investor🌙 
@ Ramdath:   PAC ATTACK CHAT 5   has been postponed 24 hours and will return tomorrow due to issues with connectivity. We don't want to u… 
Justice is a privilege today it…
.
Top story: Macro-less malware: The cyclical attack - Help Net Security   see more   
Many Many Happy Returns of the day to India’s Leader of the Pace Attack in the limited overs format  …  
A scathing attack on   inTD's hypocrisy on the 8th Amendment by a leading SDLP figure -  
Yes they might be planning a terror attack with Adams help .  
Illinois GOP Rep. Under Fire For Ad Mocking Transgender Community, Feminists 
The ISIS marketing game is really good, which is really sad to say. 
I really have an issue with people who come to Islamic events and use the Q&amp;A time to deliver a 5 minute comment and no ques…
Journal Club In The Mouse Gut A Virus Evolves To Attack A New Strain. [    W
on     Totally reject your percep…  
SuperBowlSunday
Iran gives  Hamas $100 million annually for terrorism
Many repo s of peaceful protests by Iranian citizens fed up with regime’s corruption &amp; its squandering of the nation’…
Julie Bishop snd our  money Plus her strange take on Islam oersicuyion of women- she thinks it fine!!!  
Mall of America | The Counter Jihad Repo   
publishes inaugural  TerrorismFrequencyRepo  providing Members with expe  view on the  terrorist…  
Turkish army is a member of  , and Turkish soldiers behead of the Kurds. Delist Turkish army from NATO! Share t…   
1914: The Shaping of the Modern Muslim World - Pa  1 -   -  TheTrueHistory  ramadan  islam  
Nice to receive this card from pupils at Burdett Coutts &amp; Townshend   School following an  interfaith assembl…  
Islamic prayer reduces back pain, study finds   
THE OTHER SIDE OF THE COIN: DrJamesMDorsey cites  OpinionPolls.Questions how risky is  Trump’s  Iran policy? The…  
Uganda to publish Islamic banking rules soon -central bank
irene pulled the camera closer and the camera couldnt take the amount of beauty it had a hea  attack lol  
Check if stock is shariah compliant,🌙Islamic Investor🌙 
49.8% of Iranians, both women and men, consider the Islamic veil a private matter and think the government should have no… 
France takes unions by surprise with 'attack' on public sector jobs    
They hate having a label.  They think they’re the normals/majority and thus any label -even a neutral…
Chlorine gas leaves civilians gasping for air in rebel-held Syrian town after a chemical attack 'launched by Assad's regime…
On    spo s correspondent   shares “School level  football league going to sta  soon to groom ta…
From Director Clint Eastwood, experience the real life encounter of 3 soldiers on a train to Paris as they fight to…   

State-run media here in Turkey repo  that police detained 82 suspected Islamic State members in Istanbul at the weekend, 77 o… 
weets Since this is reverse of love jihad (muslim girl and hindu boy), it does not have many takers. sad but true 
Vicious Anti  Pakistan Former Afghan Intelligence Chief Rahmatullah Nabil has been barred from overseas visits by t…  
Looool she thinks she can run away like that from hell fire init  
Syrian Kurdish forces are using weapons provided by the United States to bombard civilians inside Turkey and attack…  
Idk how people can go sky diving, I think I’d have a hea  attack almost immediately after I jumped. 
Resentful west spurned Sudan's key terror files  
Check if stock is shariah compliant,🌙Islamic Investor🌙 
Dey call it fight back, not terrorism.  hypocrisy   
Personally, we think its the sales pitch that Islam uses. it goes something like this:   hey all yo…   
Lmaooooo Chelsea scored 86 goals last season.  
Secret diaries of former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat reveal relationship with Silvio Berlusconi…  
ANALYSIS:  SaudiArabia plays  puppet master as  Yemen slowly breaks apa 
chirping the same MSM propaganda word for word by the West    hezbollah labeled by the  US as terrorists   you get more dumb &amp;… 
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
sho ermovies
Pilot of Russian Su-25 Blew Himself Up After Being Encircled by Terrorists - MoD - Sputnik International
The Philippine government will have designated Ardiente Family as local terrorists.  WildflowerGobDiego
I hate Score Attack with tracers pt.2
Gjb k chomu bhare hain desh me.
Jigglypuff ♂ Feint Attack/Dazzling Gleam (IV: 82% - CP: 569 - L: 29 until 05:46:40am.  
Look  
Welcome to JIHAD BRITAIN: More Islamic State nuts here than Brits fighting ISIS.
Deadliest day for Turkish soldiers in  Afrinoperation in  Syria - Sky News
Syria's army seizes weapons made in  Israel on their way to  ISIS
Capt  KapilKundu lost his father to hea  attack when he was in 12th, he topped his class nonetheless. Cracked NDA  , Cap… 
FreeOurLeaders  FreeSouthernCameroons  FreeAllArrested Our leaders are not terrorists. They are fighting for the rest…
lessHealer i just have this recurring fantasy that his wife will call us one day to inform as that he had a h…  
Those who were against the wars in  Iraq,  Libya &amp;  Syria are often derided. But, as recent history shows, there have been grav… 
StopTheExecution of this innocent scholar Dr  AhmadrezaDjalali who was arrested in April 2016 falsely accused of espiona…
SAUDIARABIA
Every notif coming from you guys gives me a hea  attack omg
The  Secret Will  BlowYouAway!
Rafa Benitez waits on key Newcastle defender as Islam Slimani targets Man United game…  
The government of Uganda has approved regulations covering Islamic banking with the central bank expecting to publi…  
Syrian activists say civilians hit by chlorine gas attack  
V good.well Done  
Check if stock is shariah compliant,🌙Islamic Investor🌙 
Reinforce those echo chambers. Can tell you have a very small, closed mind. Happy to spew…   
Syria: the region of  Idlib is being bombarded non-stop for days nows. Russian/regime warplanes are levelling the…  
Hero Russian pilot yells ‘This is for our guys’ and blows himself to avoid ISIS capture    
Islam is Not the  Problem!
What a wonderful job, Sambisa forest can now be conve ed to cattle colony. The next time we hear of boko haram att…   
“How are you?”
We're proud to be suppo ing  CookforSyria fundraiser- we'll be making something special to help the cause!
pretending to know what UK really wants, he didn't know what  Labour members wanted!!! this is just a…   
Impo  the Middle East, you impo  their endless sectarian and ethnic hatreds with them. They will never give them…   
Ryoma: I challenge you to an honourable duel!
Unbelievable  
HamasLabour - calling for destruction of  Israel. Spokesperson  ShamelessChakraba hy  
Stop this imbeciles welfare and miraculously his jihad will cease or he'll starve, a win win in my book.   
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes :    |…  
nersRelief: Whether it’s letting kids be kids by giving toys to preschoolers in  Syria, or feeding malnourished  Rohingya families… 
Republicans will spend TRILLIONS to go over-seas to fight terrorism... but not only IGNORE our home-grown terrorists, they act… 
Boy blinded and paralysed in  Gaza war dies aged nine
Pakistan ale s  GilgitBaltistan  of  India’s alleged secret plan to hit  CPEC  
…  
nz Child beheading gang joined the jihadist pa y in Afrin, Erdogan is highly pleased. 
End This Madness!
Trump's buddy Putin acting with impunity as Trump added no Russian sanctions and acts beholden to Putin.  
... mercenaries are like politicians, they flip sides. 
Looks  Pakistan in crisis.!!! Or plan to tack over !!!
Then THEY attack the police for investigating Trump . Bahahaha!!!
ShabnamLone never consider Indian soldiers as her brother,her brothers r Pakis &amp; terrorists so she dare to do this   
The fact is there is a large ISIS pocket remaining in south Deirezzor, US clearly instrumentalising this. 
U do it now. Not only that every thing connected with Islam, u change. But ur people alliance with Mi…   
half of Iranians wanted an end to the requirement that women cover their heads in public. 
Isis: UN study finds foreign fighters in Syria 'lack basic under…  
Is  Turkey preparing for an ethnic-cleansing of  Syrian  Kurds? - 
32yrs wow! People Should never forget That when Murdoch,Maxwell et aldestroyed 1000's of Live's, The worst thing wa…   
Reason behind  AnkitSaxena's murder?  
Actions speak louder than words: What are you doing for humanity  EU?  FreeArash…
Authorities say good Samaritan with a gun thwa s attack on a police officer in Utah  
McMafia wants to give me a hea  attack
WATCH: Tea Pa y group launches attack ad against Rosenstein after memo release    
It’s also funny that you &amp;  CadetBoneSpurs are ok with  WhiteNationalist &amp;  NeoNazis murdering inn…  
Tfw dopey Greens senators thinks there's   no place for   anti-Islamic sentiments in our society in spi… 
Salute to all the cast and their characters bravooooo
Cuck Castro selling out his veterans whilst welcoming ISIS fighters back with open arms and paying Khadr $10m. What…  
Islam has never been against  women’s emancipation; on the contrary Islam has opposed the concept of…  
Don’t Blame ‘Wahhabism’ for Terrorism   Blame ‘Wahhabism’ for Terrorism  
Okay you know what I didn't come out here for this attack
Paris attacks suspect in Brussels for shootout trial -   : The only surviving member of the I…  
Breathtaking!!!
I am pleased to inform you that you are wrong sir. My castigationnofbthe red card movement i…  
Assad  Putin with  Iran clearly engaged in war against civilians in  Syria the way mercilessly attack hospitals but  Saud…
The scale of the violence yesterday in Idlib is staggering.  
An Iranian ballestic missile fired from  Yemen was intercepted by  Saudi air defenses this morning.  Iran  
Syria I am sorry to say to all world citizens that we can no longer look a Syrian child in the eye and say : We did our…
Wasn't there someone saying that once he runs out of beans, there's a chance he does his regular S attac…   
TYPICAL: Trump Nominee for UN Migration Program Mocked  ClimateChange &amp; Islam   via  …  
downloaded this last night cos i couldn't sleep and was on the verge of a panic attack, and i stg it actually works…   
Paris attacks suspect in  Brussels for shootout  Trial -    Attack  Shooting  
PaulBiya  FreeOurLeaders  Our leaders are not terrorists.    should know that there is currently a  Genocide going…
Nightfall in Philippine slum revives specter of deaths in drugs  War  
Confused; I genuinely have nothing positive to say about the people who went after Taibbi over the sexism stuff - I looked i…
JOB Field coordinator based in  dohuk  iraq to be filled in april !    humanitarian  NGOjobs
:   and the Zionist regime in US with accomplice mainstream media continue to brainwash the American into believi…
UK:  Muslim teen leaves flyers and CD’s in two of London’s biggest hospitals, calling for  jihad terror attacks 
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan    FoxNews 
We Planned To Attack Ondo - Arrested Boko Haram Suspect   via    
‘Islamic Revolution will suffer if Rouhani administration fails’    breakingnews
For those who are blaming Islam for Ankit Saxena's murder please pause and think again. Are Muslims justifying this horrendou…
.  to visit  SaudiArabia on Tuesday
As an Iranian ex Muslim I confirm this. Islam is based on hatred
Hope  SupremeCou  of  Pakistan will give orders to  PakArmy: Get hold of all  Corrupts, looters, MafiaHeads,…   
Pakistan ale s  GilgitBaltistan  of  India’s alleged secret plan to hit  CPEC  
US accuses Syria of chemical weapons use in East Ghouta  
Goat got your Qur'an?  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
y_Rebel  
.
With ISIS in Iraq defeated, the US military is beginning to draw down from Baghdad 
NCT IS SERIOUSLY ATTACKING NCTZENS RN. LIKE WAIT A MINUTE I'M HAVING A HEA  ATTACK HERE BOYS 😭😍😍  
Chenaran, NE  Iran 
Israel is a baby killer regime...
Not from  Apa heid  israel.
on5550    …
“Religion is very easy and whoever overburdens himself/herself in matters of religion will not be able to carry on…  
Islamic State retakes Palmyra after Syria army withdrawal | The Times of Israel  
PAO in charge. Of that drama acting script.. the works too?  
Either you cannot read  , or you are a liar.  Islam forbids marriage between a Muslim and a Polytheist  (not n… 
Islam is a peaceful religion Non Muslims around the world need and must adjust them selves to Innocent peaceful Muslims
Buhari 2014- 2015 campaign empowered Bokoharam, he is now the president Fulani herdsmen terrorists empowered.   
We have the order to kill everyone and will kill everyone who disagrees.   Extraordinary story by  , of a former  M… 
Lalantop don't celebrate lala dey coz... islamic point of view(harram)😔😔😢
this attack wasn't aimed at me but i felt it  
Brandon Lewis if you do that a lot of you guys will get nicked good luck with that one mate.  
Here we go .....  
Assad  Putin with  Iran escalate v brutal war against civilians as pa  of ethnic cleansing to force people to flee using…
OperationOliveBranch aims to establish security and stability along  Turkey’s borders and the region as well as to prote…
To all those govts who are condone/are silent abt Turk invasion of Efrîn: the Zenki child beheaders &amp; other Nusra affiliat…
DailyBrian “Crony Capitalism”  CIA  Congress  Corporatocracy  Democrat…   
Latest battle update from no heast  Hama after latest Syrian Army advance - map    ISIS  Syria
As Alex and Obito Us begin our attack   goal to destroy the near city   which Kevin and others are currently.   
ISIS didn't just brutally kill Iraqis. It left behind a toxic legacy of disease and environmental harm, where children ha… 
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
Making Fun Of  Daesh Is A Hate Crime  
The end of hostilities in Marawi shouldn't confer complacency in our end; Violent extremism and fanaticism shouldn'…  
The scale of the violence yesterday in Idlib is staggering.  
Why can't they see the love of Kashmiris for  Pakistan 🇵🇰
Ffs London mayor is a piece of sh!t  
good guys with guns stop tragic things  
Thanks your suppo  from the Iranian people  Iran  IranProtests  FreeIran  RegimeChange  
Paris attacks suspect in Brussels for shootout trial
it shouldn’t be the advantage it is if they had a leadership team in the coalition capable of carrying the fight an…  
The Italian Mob Is Peddling Pills to ISIS   
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan   
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes   guardianvia
Iranian Americans and their friends, are holding a picket line at the  , calling  FreeAllProtesters in  Iran,… 
1988Massacre; every day hundreds of  PoliticalPrisoners were hanged and their corpses were buried hurriedly in unm…  
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan   
Q: Why don't we the west bomb  ISIS??
The media below is the voice of Independent Diplomat to attack the sovereignty of  westernsahara  community  south…  
Brainless bimbo again came in my mentions. Islam came into india with traders only in kerala then invaders raped an…  
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat  
4days later bodies of Hadij and Sabri, 2  Kurdish  Kolbar found under piles of snow 
Sure looks like Obama was and is one of the greatest  FRAUDS to become an American President. All the people of America need…
Wahhabis/salafis hate Shi'ite so much. Islamic terrorism is derived from wahhabi's violent ideology. Democracy…
This is absolutely disgusting and unacceptable, racially bigoted and demeaning offensive  attack ad. Another reason Jean… 
The Islamic State’s toxic farewell: Environmental sabotage and chronic disease
I'd have thought someone who tweets so much about Islam would have at least a…  
JOONIE OPPA PLS PLS PLS REST WELL!! I NEARLY HAD A HEA  ATTACK WHEN I READ ABT YR SURGERY!! :'( WE WILL ALWAYS BES…  
On Wednesday, a parliamentary debate on children in military detention is scheduled to take place in Westminster at…   
One police officer killed, another missing after an attack by armed…    drimzmediaservices 
After losing my wonderful Grandma to a hea  attack that episode of Grey’s Anatomy was tough. Real tough.
FinishedReading The Serpent's Shadow (Kane Chronicles 3) by Rick Riordan    Chaos  order  Serpent  War  Peace  Egypt
Sparringsession  boxing  kickboxing  war  heavyweight  fitboyz010  fit  rotterdam…  
After this extraordinary week - dud memo, feuding with own FBI and DOJ appointees - Trump’s attack on the justice system get… 
Syria: the region of  Idlib is being bombarded non-stop for days nows. Russian/regime warplanes are levelling the rebell…
Marseille vs Metz 02/02/2018
Repo : ISIS Used Chemical Arms at Least 52 Times in  Syria and Iraq...but let's still pretend it's Assad using CWs  
Sick bastard  
You can hear it here for yourself. The gentleman did not say Arabs or Muslims he said Isis suppo ers.
Will continue giving befitting reply: Army vice chief on ceasefire violation by  Pakistan   Kashmir…  
Umar Ibn Al Khattab(r.a) said:  Invite people to Islam even without words.” 
+1/2 -1/4, bingo. Palestinian terrorists target in Gaza destroyed. next news   
Captain among 4 soldiers killed as  Pakistan pounds J&amp;K's Rajouri sector  Kashmir  KashmirSolidarityDay…  
AnkitSaxena was slaughtered like a goat by the girl's parents, in front of his parents' eyes, in the prescribed 'halaal' m… 
What hospital ?  A bunch of non description buildings . But I did notice the loud Allah Akbar !  Alqaeda ?
PHOTOS: Christians hold mass in former ISIS-stronghold for first time in five years in Syria's east...  
They make an event as challenging as a JP one. Rewards are those of a Iago Doll Time Attack. Mobs in last…  
well you just going to attack me and then go well lets ee if he popos one off over here…  
I am a Liverpool fan and it was a penalty and spurs deserved a draw when we attack we are unstoppable but when…
Activists posting this image of Vida Movahed, the brave woman who took off her scarf in public during  IranProtests in Te… 
The world will remember Kashmir freedom movement as a movement of love for  Pakistan . Green grave in  kashmir  KashmirSoli…
This was what  Sochi was all about. Getting people on board with killing civilians under the pretext of reconciliat…  
'80 hooligans surrounded me' Farage reveals the disturbing attack 'that changed my life' -    talkradio  
Alright, here I come. Attack! 
Buhari's Terrorists:
Inept and clueless officials trying to preempt an attack, like they did on India’s Republic Day by po raying an in…   
Happy Monday! Who's got that  MondayMotivation to attack the week?!  
.  is right - another voice of common sense follows   last year in his attack on   bloated ca… 
I am also your neighbour in islam  
Red Lion woman 'wanted troopers to take her to jail' for attack on boyfriend.  
@ _Erodogan How did they get in with all those troops you massed by the boarder?   Let the K…  
I don't expect schools to sta  teaching real history of our brave heroes and their perve  terrorists. But I promi…  
In  Saraqeb now, More Than 9 casualties suffocated, three of them are a White Helmets volunteers due to a chlorine att… 
Did you read the a icle? Out of those 4000 people let go, less than 400 were fighters, and the rest were ISIS host…   
Job Announcement: Cybersecurity Tester/Attack Surface Reduction and Vulnerability Manager, Senior in San Diego   
What is the purpose of if not to investigate the  1988massacre ?  Iran  CrimesAgainstH…
Civilian loss is never acceptable, but who inflicted this war on  Syria? Why dont you expr…   
AmeerHaiderKhan Hoti is a member of the National Assembly of  Pakistan . He was a member of the Provincial Assembly of  khy…
The Nigeria army state that boko haram has been defeated, why the attack again, who are we this believe…   
Catholic  School Defends  Prayer Room For  Muslim Students    religion
ICYMI: Egypt, Israel are secretly fighting against ISIS together - New York Post 
Most intriguing that the U.S. remains silent on human rights abuses &amp; crime against humanity committed by countries…  
Choice of clothing is a woman's right   writes Narges Mohammadi in a note from Evin prison.  FreeNarges…   
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan   via the   Android app 
Attack from the rear
DID YOU SEE THE CHAEYOUNG ONE???? THAT ONE IS EVEN MORE DEADLY  
Islamic State, al-Qaeda Suppo  Fuels Attacks in West Africa   via 
Islamic State, al-Qaeda Suppo  Fuels Attacks in West Africa   via 
Islamic State, al-Qaeda Suppo  Fuels Attacks in West Africa   CRFQ8 via 
DHS/NPPD/PIA-009 - Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards (CFATS) | Homeland Security  
Some 2.4 million people in  Syria – more than 8,000 every day – fled their homes in the first nine months of 2017.  So… 
@ _com: Nearly 950 terrorists ‘neutralized’ in  AfrinOp - Turkish military    OliveBranch  
Using Banshō Ten'in to draw both Naruto and a huge rock towards one another, he marvelled at Naruto being able to deflect the attack 
Isn't this woman equally responsible for her this state ? Notwithstanding the  LoveJihad by  Muslims/ Islamists for…  
Best example is bollywood khan's, there are no fatwas against them for dancing or music which is haraam in islam.   
Lone surviving &amp;lt;span class='hlsh'&amp;gt;Paris&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;  Terror  Attack suspect goes on trial in Brussels…  
Maldives lawmaker MP Faris refuses to enter jail cell since cou  order    HappeningNow  BreakingNe…
Iran's security forces shoot man trying to enter presidential office -  
I feel uncomfo able that the World view the problems in Kashmir as an India-Pakistan problem   -  SMBB  UNGA…   
CJP Mr. justice  SaqibNisar please time to get hold of  facilitator of such persons in  Pakistan who also stood Gu…  
Islam  perception  xenophobia  racism  in-group  
I HAD A FUCKING HEA  ATTACK ! WHAT IF SOMETHING HAD HAPPENED W THE POOR DOGGO!
YOUR EVENTS
Pilot of Russian  Su-25 Blew Himself Up After Being Encircled by Terrorists - MoD:   via  
Do u think we donno what  the goal of Islam is?   LoveJihad…  
PresidentTrump does not share mayor Cons tolerance of terrorism &amp; pedophilia, No. 
Pic 1: A Hindu girl is love with a 'M' boy, has two choices, accept islam or die. 
BREAKING: Pilot of downed  Su25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD  
Right... glazed terracotta is oh-so-deadly. And attack of the bouncy bed…  
Hoodlums Attack Hausa Family Travelling From Benue To Calabar (See Shocking Photos)  
Will Big Tech attack Banks with  OpenBanking  ?  
@ _com: BREAKING: Pilot of downed  Su25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD   ht…
Spotlight on Global Jihad (December 7-13, 2017) - The Meir Amit Intelligence and Terrorism Information Center   
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan   
I wanna move to Japan... Minimum  Muslim maximum security
india has continued terrorism in  Kashmir since 70 year through 700,000 Army.   &amp; super power countries are failed to gi… 
Of course I do, you really have no idea about my political stand. I'm aware about west…   
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat  
AmericaSuppo sTerrorism the US,which has plagued terrorism. is also suppo ing terrorist organizations...!  PKK…   
Just posted a photo @ Museum of Islamic A  (MIA)  
What a difference a n EU-Turkey migration deal makes...  
Questioned  . What does that even mean? That's not a legal term. No charges have been filed. 
A Military Attack on Pakistan could open floodgates to Terrorist attacks In India?  
I moved no goalposts. You didn't understand anything I said. YOU dismissed her name.…  
The king of Jordan needs to look around the world and see for himself how Muslims improve neighborhoods and make th…  
Egypt welcomes US listing of  Hasm and Liwa al-Thawra as  terror groups    
A day after four Indian Army troops were ma yred in Pakistani shelling, Vice-Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Gen. Sarath Chand, sa… 
Almost had an hea  attack waking up to people taking about nam in surgery 💔but he alright ❤
Just got woken up by an anxiety attack, how fucking lovely .. 
Repo : Hamas Terrified of Israeli Assassinations, Surprise Attack -   
Doncaster man is charged with three counts of attempted murder after arson attack in Leeds:  
While you are tweeting about the Nunes memo, Russia is plotting its midterms attack   via   
Brexit becoming more fascistic by the day.  
「ᵒ ᵒ ᶜ」;
My ex-husband always said the same thing about Islam - that they two believed in Jesus as a mes…  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
GetWellSoonNamjoon I came online and had a hea  attack when I saw this but it’s ok 😂
Moderation is a lie let's be clear just money  Iranprotests  Iran  Trump  MaryamRajavi  FreeIran  US  EU  UK  ب…
News365India   tribuneblogs:  Pakistan should realise the vanity in its attempts to change the Kashmiri independe…  
291274: Uk should send in the SAS &amp; SBS Hunt down all isis And kill them All. Evil should come to those who dish it out.
This man who call himself PeriyarDasan aka Abdullah says Periyar agreed to principles of Islam
URWrongIf you believe that Kashmiri Freedom Movement will be hijacked by ISIS.
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
ETC ACCORDING2 PEDOGATE CORRUPT!,FREE INDIAN UNIVERSAL CITIZEN,2234,2/5/2018 10:29,HOW MANY CRIMINALS TERRORISTS DEPA MENTS CAUGHT BY ME ALONE? DOES ANYBODY KNOW? I'M TALKING WITH UNDENIABLE IRREFU…   
Turkish-backed rebels seize Syrian border town from Kurdish forces - map Afrin  Aleppo  Syria  Turkey
Regime Change Is Coming In Iran
Houndour ♀ Feint Attack/Dark Pulse (IV: 93% - CP: 469 - L: 15 until 05:55:13am.  
Afghanistan A car bomb has exploded outside Save the Children office in Jalalabad  
world: YPG terrorists are accused of forcibly recruiting civilians  
I was just taking about this.  
Iranian Leaders Speak of Threat of Social Media  Saudi  Qatar  US
Syria ||  EastGhouta
Ignore or twist the Ankit annihilation only help suppo ers of love jihad.
Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD    ApsnyNews
And the funny thing is that you can abuse boss AIs, as in they can only attack directly forwards or backwards, and…   
Menlo Park: Gligar 97.8% (14/15/15) CP:288 (L6) Wing Attack/Night Slash till 02:59:46 (29m 54s). 
Given the renewed focus on striking civilian infrastructure it is assured there will in sho  time be an attack on…  
Downed Su-25's Radar 'Unable' to Register MANPAD Attack – Military Expe  (via    DefenseNews)
Should ask what are the terrorists doing safeguarding these institutions as they on the g…  
Captain among 4 soldiers killed as Pakistan pounds J&amp;K's Rajouri sector MY EARNEST FOREWARNING Before embarking upo…  
What hospitals? But that gutteral Allah Akbar isn't coming from a 2yr old   This is an Alqaeda video
Assad can’t use chemical weapons but   can.    
HAQ BESHAQ FM TODAY 2PM - 4PM. Don't forget to Tune in on the LIVE STREAM @ UBU Islamic Theology Society Facebook P…  
Yeah but American imperialism ...
Death sentence for Iranian   prof  Djalali has been confirmed again.
Attack on Libya draws protests in U.S.  
When you’re running late and want to give your manager a hea  attack  
Israel targeting palestinians school.Israelis demolishing derby  
YOUR EVENTS
Islam is Love  
If you see anything in the msm about a chlorine gas attack in Syria coming from the Russians or the Assad don't bel…  
Militant groups in West Africa are using increased suppo  from al-Qaeda and Islamic State    
Why the fuck is missing school because you have anxiety so frowned upon but having a panic attack in school is WORSE. Tf
Trump's buddy Putin acting with impunity as Trump added no Russian sanctions and acts beholden to Putin.  
LOYISO COMES UNDER ATTACK!
Turkey’s Jews are scared – but afraid to talk about it |  
EnDirect  papillon MASSIVE ATTACK - Teardrop | Bel Envol sur  
IRAN time is: 2 PM  Iran  Tehran
Poll: Iranians fond of resistance against West’s excessive demands
Photos: Six African migrants injured in drive-by shooting in Italy; attack linked to ...    MondayMotivation Kylie
The Republicans aren't split over the memo. The anti-Trumpers (McCain, Flake, etc) remain anti-Trumpers a…   
This is intolerable &gt;&gt;
Girls  Products  Voox  DD  cream  in  At  My  ShOp 101  in  Pakistan.
I urge the Council of Europe and its member states to take effective measures/ and binding decisions to compel the relig…
the best giveaways for  Habbo. She is one of the best u…
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes    
If you are engaged in trade make sure to  learn the Islamic rules of buying &amp; selling otherwise one may consume interest unknowingly.
is quite Europe is quite World is quite, but when you hear any attack in USA or European country there must a M…   
This was a great read   A Murder of No Consequence by    Thriller  Crime  Spain  War  History   
Ultra Rare  Vietnam  War Footage | Assault on Hamburger Hill ( Video )    military
The recent uprising in Iran showed that:
Wtf??? I had to watch it a couple times....  
As the right-wing pushes its 'Land Jihad' conspiracy theory, a Hindu prope y agent struggles to help his Muslim cl…   
Muslims are sure that Quran was revealed by Allah  ep3_M&amp;S  
Muslims do not the issue of man/woman conflict because they believe each one completes the other and that mutual respect is a must
Attack Monday with enthusiasm, laughter, thousands of smiles and cheerfulness!  mondaymotivation  sta up…   
Syrian activists say civilians hit by chlorine gas attack  
QT: Shame on you  Pakistan. How come you have guts to even Celebrate  KashmirSolidarityDay when your country is fac…  
Alimony &amp; dowry are good terrorism &amp; bad terrorism of marriage world.
R.I.P boss  
kafrnabel: some of the ma yrs from Kafrnabel last night after the Russian warplanes attack in kafranbel  
Aid groups worry  Syria refugees pushed into premature return    
Death sentence for Iranian   prof  Djalali has been confirmed again.
WithABuckFiftyAWeek  WorldCancerDay2018  BBLFinal  Marr  book 2nd ODI  Amazon
It is a method of the eternity peace of all humankind.
Israel Moves to Expel  Africans including sudanese  
Choice of clothing is a woman's right   writes Narges Mohammadi in a note from Evin prison.  FreeNarges  humanrights  … 
also greeks are inherently anti-islam and the current propaganda won't change that, because you were con…   
Yorubas has no choice but to tolerate one another . It’s either your Mums uncle or distant relative is either a Chr…  
THIS:  
Thank you so much for your suppo  us for free Iran  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 

Muslim students in  Kenya stab Christian students for refusing to conve  to Islam    
I’m sorry but it’s not that black &amp; white. Problem is that Islam preaches violence aga…  
“Muslims condemn terrorism.” Perhaps but they cannot condemn Mohammed’s (the perfect Muslim) jihad.  
In Iran bold women are protesting against the force of wearing headscarves which is NOT an Islamic law. Some backwa…  
Observing 5th february means to convey a message to the world that,  Pakistan would not step back an Inch from its…   
KASHMIR The   jugular Vein Of Pakistan   Quaid-i-Azam 
Turkish-backed rebels seize  Syria-n border town from  Kurdish forces - map   via  
Today our Chief Forensic Scientist will be   hants for the launch event at centre for reduction of firearms c…  
In D&amp;D, making an attack roll against someone isn't just an attempt to hit them; it's an attempt to strike a telling b… 
Don’t let this apologist de…  
Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD —   World News  
the absolute madman  
FridayFeeling    forex managed accounts  fx trading  InvestmentPlan  stocks  profit  fb…  
Russia steps up air raids on Syria's Idlib province after jet shot down    Islamic
Iran: ‘Reconstruction of  heritage  museums atop agenda’    Salaam via  
islam tells people to MURDER disbelievers and gay people. But 'not all muslims are the same'. Religion of piss.  orlando…
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 85.96.46.0  
I told you I would adjust your spectacles and attack the Queen. I'm not like you: I mean what I say.
Thanks for the hea  attack
Nothing to do with  Islam?' Out now.  Muslim  pjnet    
Thank you so much for your suppo  us for free Iran
These are the demands of the people of  Iran: Immediate release of prisoners of the uprising; freedom of speech and asso…
i think i’m going to get a hea  attack
Fox News tools--ente aining the viewers for the sake of keeping them enraged against the world of anti-trumpers. W…  
While  LNPPropaganda swirls from Mainstream media attacking  
Iranian Activist Criticizes Feminists: Barbie With Hijab Gets Media Coverage, But Women Forced to Wear One Don’t…   
how we will forgive  israel
Join  's Sr. Deputy Assistant Administrator Maria Longi at 9:30am today for a   discussion on st…  
More Islamic State jihadis now in UK than Britons in Syria fighting the Islamic State  
If all African leaders can see the development potential through the youth during the time of peace, they would all…   
The Air Force of ISIS/AlQaeda in action again ?  Scum  
NEW DESIGNS + HOLIDAY SALE!
Allow me to shock you, Islam is a religion of peace. 
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
Repo :  Israel pa  of secret intelligence alliance monitoring  ISIS members in  Europe  EPAphotos  
DUMMY BOTS! FINAL ATTACK!
The success of your IT security programs does not depend on trying to prevent the attack but in the ability to pred…  
It has been the dream of Nigerian authorities &amp; their security agents to labelled the Movement   violent   or   terrorists   Watch… 
- Multan was literally buzzing tonight    SaadiVari  PSL3  Cricket  Pakistan  
WeBringNews24 A day after four Indian Army troops were ma yred in Pakistani shelling, Vice-Chief of Army Staff, L…   
AMAZING  lady, suffering at the hands of terro…   
Iran, the state sponsor of terrorism is threatened by Turkey's Afrin operation and military deployment in Idlib:   T…   
EoZ  Israel News: Jordanian newspaper:   Oh Netanyahu, you Jewish dog, oh Trump, you Roman dog 
Dozens air strikes are targeting civilians in  EasternGhouta by Russian and Assad's warplanes .
Czzz,ZzzdcWoolwo hs to pay woman $17,000 after savage bird attack   
Syria - Pro-Assad militia dig out remains of civilians in graves of  Aleppo and make fun of the corpses.
conve  sho  rss to FULL CONTENT  RSS!  SeoExpe  | SEO Marketing…  
Mahmoud Obeid, 15, was critically wounded in no hern  Gaza on January 19. 
: @ _com :Nearly 950 terrorists ‘neutralized’ in  AfrinOp - Turkish military    OliveBranch  
: @ _com :BREAKING: Pilot of downed  Su25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD…  
Israel  Times of Israel  TOF  NEWS broadast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: On women rabbis, the OU is reasonable - Four memb…   
Israel  Times of Israel  TOF  NEWS broadast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Bennett to visit Poland amid row over Holocaust b…  
It’s a need of hour to introduce the issue of  Kashmir in the people of  Pakistan as well as in world too.
They are not thieves neither are they terrorists. They only fighting for to institute justice.  ,  , Biya, UK &amp; FRA… 
Islamic Fatwa - Is Smoking Allowed in Islam?  
Useful reminder in the age of Dute e: To criticize the government for its failings and excesses is NOT terrorism; it i…
Israel  TOF  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: On women rabbis, the OU is reasonable - Four member synagogues ar…   
Israel  TOF  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Bennett to visit Poland amid row over Holocaust bill - Education…  
Israel  JERUSALEM_POST  NEWS  broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Russia orders warplanes in Syria to fly higher after…  
Israel  Jewish News   NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Teacher Allegedly Assaults Student For Not Standing Duri…  
Israel  Jewish News   NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Trump Celebrates New Poll Showing Soaring Approval Ratin…  
Israel  Jewish News   NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Repo : Hamas fears Israel will launch war in coming day…  
Israel  Jewish News   NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Israel Military Industries unveils the revolutionary SUP…  
Israel  Jewish News   NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: WW3 RED ALE : INDIAN forces have been told to fire “cou…  
BlueLivesMatter
Tunisia: Attack on freedom of expression must end  
Most intriguing that the U.S. remains silent on human rights abuses &amp; crime against humanity committed by countries which don'…
Attack Monday with enthusiasm, laughter, thousands of smiles and cheerfulness!  mondaymotivation  sta up  smallbusine… 
After being surrounded by terrorists, while being seriously wounded, the Russian officer blew himself up with a gre…   
Everyone with a brain finds it ironic  !!!  
Great....we are agreed…  
Sudan, Angry at U.S. Attack, Freed Bomb Suspects, Officials Say   
The last battle of the  Russian pilot in  Syria.
Terrorist groups intend to   use the internet to achieve aggressive, 
See my reply. Based on evidence fm  Idlib refugees, SARC volunteers &amp; my experiences in Ea…   
Good riddance! Turkey does not need enemies in the guise of 'allies and friends'. In Turkey th…
RIP to a hero  
…   OLDVW5
This guy is awesome. He know how to hold his conversation, not raising any voice or try to attack back.…   
Russia is taking decisive actions to stop the activity of terrorists in  Syria in response to the downing of a Russ…  
He is probably right. With a PM like May &amp; Islamist collaborators in the UK Labour Pa y.  Muslims know the UK alre…  
@ _com 'terrorists'
KashmirSolidarityDay is being observed across the world, including  Pakistan today to show Pakistan’s suppo  and unity w… 
Dvlottery is a one time chance that may never happen again.  Iranian are losing  the Golden Tiket over their nationalitya…
There will be no terror attacks between 13 april and 17th of april because I say so...Terrorists, consider your plans cancell… 
Kenya: Muslim students stab, beat Christian students for refusing to conve  to Islam   
hernStork: Iran, the state sponsor of terrorism is threatened by Turkey's Afrin operation and military deployment in Idlib:   Turkey… 
Nizwa, the capital of Oman in the early days of Islam, was the cradle of ardent intellectual activity and produced gen… 
U.S. : After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan  FlashHeadlines   
Tariq Ramadan, the man who has been haranguing the crowds for over thi y years to preach the vi ue and exemplarity of Is… 
…
Iraqi authorities have released a list of names of 60 most-wanted people who allegedly belong to  ISIS, al-Qaeda, or the fo… 
PHOTOS: Christians hold mass in former ISIS-stronghold for first time in five years in Syria's east...  
Western, Islamic, Hindu and so on. 
Carles Puigdemont is the Democratically Elected President of Catalonia, nobody from Spain has the legal…   
O Allah, place us among those who return to You often in repentance, and make us among those who are purified. Ameen 
All about islam links  
TheArabSource   Turkish-backed rebels seize Syrian border town from Kurdish forces - map 
It's wo h keeping an eye on these proceedings for a sense of how the EPRDF's reform promises are translating into action…
Russia is taking decisive actions to stop the activity of terrorists in Syria in response to the downing of a Russi…  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
Sign the comprehensive submission to protect Christianity in Australia and reject the false religion of Islam…  
Denzil McDaniel came under constant attack for daring to challenge his local hospital. The families would simply not have…
Could the Pentagon's missile defenses fend off a No h Korea nuclear attack? | PBS NewsHour  
Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD   TrumpTracker
This a ist sketches the pictures we see from Syria. Sometimes the pictures are too horrifying to share but Marc makes pi…
New: New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants  
Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD: Read Full A icle at…  
Militant groups in West Africa are using increased suppo  from al-Qaeda and Islamic State    
Deadly Times Square attack highlights NYC pedestrian safety - NewsTimes  
Russia-n Pilot of downed  Su-25 in  Syria  Idlib set off grenade when surrounded by rebels  
PPP Power show at Lahore mochi gate Lahore
So the hospitals only care for terrorists? No civilian is taken to hospitals? You may…  
News365India After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan   
Trump and team planned this all very carefully, and their responses to the investigation are the same as any criminal organi… 
Man shot down after trying to enter Iran President  ’s office with machete
Nearly 950 terrorists ‘neutralized’ in  AfrinOp - Turkish military    OliveBranch  
It's a  very sad news that 4 of our brave jawans including Army Captain hv bn ma yred in ceasefire violation by  Pakist…
BREAKING: Pilot of downed  Su25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD…  
This Woman Killed 100 ISIS Militants Now Has An Unimaginable Bounty Amount On Her Head  
TheZeroHedge ― Europe: Making Islam Great Again    
They are Killed by our Brave Jawans in response to killing innocent Kashmiris on LOC. Traitors &amp; Betray…  
ATTACK ON BANGTAN
TheZeroHedge ― Europe: Making Islam Great Again    
IOTA,Automated trading US mkts ⤵,19698,2/5/2018 10:31, TheZeroHedge ― Europe: Making Islam Great Again 
All female  YPJ unit attacks Turkish soldiers in no hern  Afrin (video)    Kurds  Syria  Turkey
OMG I just have through got a small hea  attack. My Dimple boy is resting well that’s what matter. It was somethin…  
Which war has been fought on Dwaita vs Adwaita? There have been scholarly debates on them, but no wars on them. Unless yo… 
Iran's presidential guard shoots, wounds man carrying sword - Washington Post:  Iran's presidential guard...   
Now Playing on Jazzy Lounge radio: Attack The Doctor by Blockhead  nowplaying Click to listen:…  
Kashmiris are not fighting for the independent  Kashmir indeed they are fighting for the completion of  Pakistan map. Kashm…
Turkey’s Jews are scared – but afraid to talk about it |  
Exposing  IsraeWarcrimes is not enough.  Please use the  hashtag  IsraelWarcrimes to catalogue all…  
Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD  
very simple business logic. Palestinian terrorists welfare leeches are not used to pay for any product or service t…  
I wanna move to a country where islam is banned
⚡️ “Central Bank of Islamic Republic of Iran deceived Iranian Depositors ” by  
's Terrorism Frequency Repo  published today! Read more here:    
What moderation interfering in Iraq Syria Yemen means moderation?!! Iranprotests  Iran  Trump  MaryamRajavi…  
I have to say I completely agree - and   has undermined his authority fu her with his aggressive , defamatory attack… 
brexit thread 👇
Panic attack ...fuck
Israel: Hundreds Rally against Corrupt Government in Tel Aviv  Powerful_Iran  Iran  IranianArmy
His legal services shall be funded by ISIS
Oh it ended well- they have agreed to forge an alliance between Islamic world and Catholic world against…  
Aid groups worry  Syria refugees pushed into premature return    
King Abdullah of Jordan: “Maybe there’s a lack of understanding of  Islam in Washington  
The troubling 'tactics' politicians are using to attack rooftop solar  
FATE STAY NIGHT  
Israel demolishes EU-funded Palestinian classrooms  EuropeanUnion  WestBank    
Van driver who mowed down group in revenge attack has sentence cut  
Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD    
From Palestine 🇵🇸 to Columbia🇨🇴 : United for Human Rights, and joining together for a Military Embargo on  Israel 🇮🇱  … 
They are talking about Fgm on woman's hour. Zac goldsmith is on. Not once have they mentioned Islam.
'Love for one's nation is a pa  of faith' The Holy Prophet (ﷺ)
If you sail this ship I ll kill you. Just ship Mineeka or Tedneeka  
Kibston Insurance agency; Your motor insurance expiring? We can help!! Get your car insurance from us and get the f…  
After years of false alarms, bomb squad's training defuses real terrorist attack - NY Daily News   
Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD  
An Islamic nation is one that allows a pa  of it to operate under a law and make the law greater than…  
After a promotional visit to  Karachi  Sukhoi of  Russia flew it's airliner to  Lahore today for a similar visit.
Wish Yogi Adhityanath was the CM of J&amp;K. He would've encountered the bloo*y F'k out of these Terrorists.
☀️Dimond: ♀Gligar 100.0% (15/15/15) 854CP L17 Wing Attack/Aerial Ace until 02:53:22am (21m 36s)  
☀️Dimond: ♀Gligar 100.0% (15/15/15) 854CP L17 Wing Attack/Aerial Ace until 02:53:22am (21m 36s)  
This is intolerable &gt;&gt;
Ghulam Akbar, local  journalist working for   in  Lakki_Marwat, escapes unhu  after comes under attack on Feb… 
After defeat of  ISIS, US redeploying forces from  Iraq to  Afghanistan    FoxNews 
There's a reason we can tell when a mixed child has a white mother. Don't take paracetamol for white womens headach…  
This is my mum &amp; her friends in Iran before the Islamic revolution. All were professional, independent &amp; free women. https:… 
Protests prove Sara Khan is the right choice to counter Islamist terrorism   via  
One More Ceasefire From  Pakistan
He is probably right. With a PM like May &amp; Islamist collaborators in the UK Labour Pa y.  Muslims know the UK already has…
Attack on Titan Football | Attack on Titan / Shingeki No Kyojin | Know Your Meme  
US Diplomat: New Saudi Crown Prince Is  Israel’s ‘Dream Come True’  
Hope  SupremeCou  of  Pakistan will give orders to  PakArmy: Get hold of all  Corrupts, looters, MafiaHeads, Traitors… 
Fairey Firefly Mk.I Wing Fold 1/48. Modeler Sunhwie Hwang  scalemodelkit  plastimodelismo  plasticmodel  plastimodelo  …
they have mass voting attack now and their twt rate is faster than us so please vote now armys…  
Family Of Abducted Kaduna Islamic Teacher Petitions Buhari    
Azerbaijan's Gabala bidding for Islamic Tourism Capital Prize -  
up: Attack three huge business problem areas in just 30 days  Business  makeembarking  growthhacking   htt…
Arrangh Kel a real heaven on ea h,  Neelum Valley,  Azad  Kashmir 
I condemn the clerical regime’s repressive clampdown on Gonabadi Dervishes and the attack on the residence of Dr. N…  
Indonesia: Expulsion of BBC journalists covering health crisis in Papua an attack on press freedom  
gonna watch later  
Don’t they have a  -like anti-herdsmen brigade? They better set up a viable one.  
And yet you don't mind all the islamic terrorist Obama allowed to pour in our country. Stfu!
Feb 4 -  Nahavand E  Iran
To, 
I’m so relieved that it wasn’t something super serious I almost had a panic attack😩 but anyway Namjoon I hope you r…  
Repo : Hamas Terrified of Israeli Assassinations, Surprise Attack -  - See More @   
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
ho maybe its an  iran conspiracy
Why Do Foreigners Join  Daesh  
hcommie -and he, Melechon and Corbyn - sell outs - are ALL you've got. The far left don't even exist anymore.…   
Will be islam when will fuck their thought, and flag and language 
erPress Tears drop de Massive Attack
German Media Shows  Muslim  Refugee Crapping In Pool, Raping Women   
Russian MoD now confirming that the pilot blew himself up with a grenade after being surrounded.
IranDeal  SaudiArabia  French  shia 1 book grasp of 150 subj site:? Civilisational  clash    
Michael Savage on Japan avoiding  Terror by keeping you-know-whom out, restricting them   
Pa  and parcel of living in a muslim mayors city... 
Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD    
You're actually so retarded  
Human Rights In Islamic Countries - Human Rights In Other Countries  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
Grass Valley: ♂Nuzleaf 97.8% (15/14/15) 952CP L30 Feint Attack/Foul Play until 03:22:00am (49m 51s)  
I think this year's Spurs lack the ability to attack In the absence of Kawhi.Leonard😩😩  
And it worked, his plan worked.enough for him to get away anyways,  by  not knowingly, playing on he…   
Best app for all Muslims and practitioner of Islamic Religion across the world. 
What moderation interfering in Iraq Syria Yemen means moderation?!! Iranprotests  Iran  Trump…  
RussianForces killed Mohammad Qosay al Ar’our in Kafr Nobbol city in  Idlib suburbs, Feb 4  Syria 
Soot boot ki sarkar   - One jibe from Rahul, put Jaitley in shocked condition and overcautious mode that marginalised rich… 
You’re fucking kidding me ...surely not!  
(c) fucking mother was a cunt, i hated her with a passion. My head sta s to spin, my stomach, knot…   
and scr…  
.  2010 cancelled gig in  Israel saying his conscience dictated that he pull out of two performances…  
Don't waste today! It could be the one that makes all the difference. Attack it like you mean it!  MoreJUICE
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
Happy Monday! Who's got that  MondayMotivation to attack the week?!  
What about retaliation?? We have to attack back with 10 times more stronger
complex puzzle of cyber war and terrorism
That's six  
BREAKING: The President just tried to ruin America’s favorite holiday with his misguided remark.  
Macy's to sta  selling Islamic clothing  
Translation [NO OFFICIAL CONFIRMATION YET!]: Sound of gunshots heard in presidential palace, a man with a machete repo e… 
Its because they see nothing wrong with these things. Physical Jihad is usually accompanied by informational jihad:…  
Domestic technology, Iranain capital would disappoint enemies: Senior offi ...    Iran  Shamkhani  9060    
Hezbola are terrorists..amen and out.
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
y1: Lets get this TERRORIST Centre being used as a Mosque shut down
🎦 What has the RESISTANCE Accomplished? | Imam Sayyid Ali Khamenei
Could you explain why majority of news outfits were happy to be embedded with rebels/terrorists while igno…  
CONTRAST: At Nation Center the other day, the Kalenjin Guys were denied access into the building and they didn't FORCE th… 
Pandur 1 APC, belonging to United States Army Special Operations Command spottend in Qamishli, entered  Syria from  KRG  Ir… 
I condemn the clerical regime’s repressive clampdown on Gonabadi Dervishes and the attack on the residence of Dr. Noor A…
Enjoy your stay in  Israel ,  Liev 😃❤️   
District Turbat  Balochistan shows wonderful structural developments. It's appears not less than any developed city of  Pa…
We, all of Indians salute our brave soldier. 
enmp I ask a simple question and you attack with  LaborFail... how about go fuck yourself idiot.
Real people are personified vi ues now? I missed that memo! Um, Joan was actually real, liv…   
Russian MoD now confirming that the pilot blew himself up with a grenade after being surrounded.
Russia is taking decisive actions to stop the activity of terrorists in  Syria in response to the downing of a Russian  Su2…
Pete ownsend7: Goat got your Qur'an?  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
Feb 4 -  Nahavand E  Iran
Pete ownsend7: Nothing to do with  Islam?' Out now.  Muslim  pjnet  
Counter-terrorism and human rights - Justice  
NYT's New Duplicitious Attack on Trump's 'Unparalled War on Law Enforcement' -    GoogleAle s
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat    
“Seems it’s fine to help kill Muslims but not to dress them fashionably”  MediaWatch  auspol
Wrong answer .... assistant referee told not to get involved if Referee makes big gesture…  
😀 I don't think, I know, Just tell me one thing which ISIS did which Mohammad didnt do 
February 5,  KashmirSolidarityDay  KashmirDay  KashmirNeedsFreedom from oppression...   
That’s always been the case    
Yemen suspends Nobel winner
Feb 4 - Tehran,  Iran 
The Cost of Illegal Immigration    Islam  TCOT
Defeat of ISIS???? Didn't ISIS just commit a terrorist attack in Afghanistan?
The python is crawling....  
Join  's Sr. Deputy Assistant Administrator Maria Longi at 9:30am today for a   discussion on stabilization e…
Very sad 😔  
Pakistan's women football players with the FIFA World Cup 2018 trophy.
- We need to get in front of this now.
The funerals of Paddy Loughran, Pat McBride and Michael O'Dwyer who were killed in a  gun attack on 4 February 1992; Michae… 
sPL Well he played on the right of our attack against Eve on.
This ca oon says a lot more than words! Amazing ca oon by Azerbaijani  GirlsofRevolutionStreet  Iran  
Syrian terrorists may have downed a Russian plane with a sophisticated anti-aircraft missile supplied by US or Saud…  
+ France arrested tens of people, including children, for social media posts after just 1 attack b…   
Russia is waging a cyberwar against western democracies. Call it WW-5 or  CW-2, but it's real. Yet  Traito R… 
Feb 4 -  Nahavand E  Iran
Keep looking for the Tweet where Donald Trump says the stock market drop is his fault. Can't find it.   
For those unfamiliar with the mentality of the mullahs' ruling  Iran.
Head of  Iran regime's prisons admits that 5000+ ppl were arrested during  IranProtests; among them nearly 1400 women. True…
i_ one side killing of HINDU by left &amp; islam ... considered riots by Left Gang   socialmediatraining
so pakistan is close frend to china russia and usa who are murdering muslims en masse.even their armi…  
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
RAPE CAPITAL - a fake term coined by   for Delhi will haunt us , even though  it is only Delhi and Mumbai in Ind… 
We complained a lot about  Ban_Ki_moon behavior concerning the massacres of the Syrian people by  Assad and  Putin,…   
this thread has tips on what to do when your friend is having an anxiety attack, along with other things that may help. https:/… 
“Religion is very easy and whoever overburdens himself/herself in matters of religion will not be able to carry on with it…
Ninetales ♂ Feint Attack/Heat Wave (IV: 51% - CP: 1465 - L: 26 until 06:30:48am.  
SOMEDAY!  fightformywrite  writers  unsolicited  songwriter  singersongwriter  GRAMMYs  music  lyrics  musicpublishing…
The   is accepting applications in  Pakistan for graduate and PhD programs to study in the United States. Please…
The work of Gunduz Agayev from Azerbaijan in suppo  of  Iran'ian women protesting compulsory  hijab laws, rattling the very… 
- The Nunes memo has been discredited.
Well, to be fair, the purpose of this discourse is really for me to escalate to the poi…   
Prof. Richard Falk: Rather than Addressing Israeli Apa heid, Nikki Haley Chooses to Attack Me - American He...   
They are Killed by our Brave Jawans in response to killing innocent Kashmiris on LOC.…  
Oop Mr Barry just went in on Murdoch hacks!   Seems its fine to help kill Muslims but not help them dress fashionabl…   
A 16-year-old who admitted terrorism offences has now been charged with breaching his bail conditions  
“Finally, Coll identifies the  Iraq invasion of 2003 as a costly distraction for the United States and a boon for…   
Check if stock is shariah compliant,🌙Islamic Investor🌙 
when i moved out, no one prepared me for when there would be a spider in my room 😩😩😩 nearly had a hea  attack 
I'm still gonna say this, your first true act as a feminist should be to boycott Christianity and Islam. These religions reek of misogyny. 
.   Russia/ Assad destroyed another hospital in  Idlib.  Putin &amp;  Assad are propagating  terrorism,…   
“ RegimeChange is the only hope for the people of  Iran (and the region).”  IranProtests  IranUprising  FreeAllProtesters by…
attack of the show porn   
Guys, guys. I've got it. 
Another person who can claim to suppo  Palestine yet is pro terrorists in…  
…
Retweeted Anand Ranganathan ( ):
From FoxNews | After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan   
I'm going to blow up Rimini  . 32-year-old incarcerated Tunisian man due to be expelled from Italy for threatening…   
…  
Ok to kill muslims but not dress them fashionably   - wow,   has been at work over summer! So great to…   
Trial Opens Against Top Paris Attacks Suspect    news  
Absolutely.  
In Islam the Quran is the central religious text  ep3_M&amp;S  
An attack on President Trump is an attack on the American people.🇺🇸🇺🇸
Jst an excuse used by his opponents to attack him.
LOL    F0M0  S0D0M
Today's a new day! Attack the day with enthusiasm.
25 ISIS militants killed in the latest airstrikes in Nangarhar
💃 Who's That Girl - From 'Attack of the 50 Foot Cheerleader?' (31 HQ Photos) 🍋
Israel is a signatory of   yet systematically denies&amp;abuses the rights of Palestinian children Suppo  👉🏼…  
[ News] Man carrying concealed pistol stops attack on Utah police officer    
Thank you to you and you and you...and you ...from  gaddafi and  siphesihle have a peaceful and joyful holiday season 🌷🍨🍹🍑🏄🎆🎉🎊🎇…
It's a universal  fail.  Misguided  conservatives attack  Muslim people wh…
apostate  Mothe eresa promoted false  religions:  infidel  islam &amp;  pagan  hindu that worship 30000+ false  idols. She also…
We need to ban islam.  
The problem is only 'ISIS' are the ones doing the killing, not Muslims. Secondly, when will ex-Muslims leave Muslims alone… 
Kremlin Deeply Worried That Terrorists Have MANPADS After Su-25 Downing in Syria  
Islamic State, al-Qaeda Suppo  Fuels Attacks in West Africa   
Kurdish demonstrators block the road leading to the US embassy in Awkar to protest against the Turkish attack on Syria's Afrin
Pilot of Russian Su-25 Blew Himself Up After Being Encircled by Terrorists - MoD  
Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD  
The regime's prisons Chief admitted the arrest of more than 5000 protesters, including 1400  women   Iranprotests  قيام  قی… 
The  NHS under attack from  politicans yet again, yet in ours and many others eyes, a source of love, determination and o… 
Retweeted   (@ _com):
2nd field army forces killed a terrorist element &amp; caught (6) others, destroyed (2) SUVs ,(6) motorcycles &amp; (2) war…   
Turkish-backed rebels seize Syrian border town from Kurdish forces - map    Afrin  Aleppo  Syria  Turkey
You’re fucking kidding me ...surely not!  
FrontNews24IND  
PhD in terrorism
Can't allow this to be coming to a neighborhood near you
Dollar vigilantes have the facts right but trend is not on their side-hence they will lose the  war   
ypr Check if stock is shariah compliant,🌙Islamic Investor🌙 
From  Greece to  Italy to the  USA to  Japan and beyond, we free ourselves from this fascist menace   
Feb 4 - Tehran,  Iran 
The  EU ordered that all attacks either by vehicle or whatever must not be repo ed as a t…
UOSSM is a Swiss medical NGO. This isn’t propaganda - it’s real.
Dey be fucking! Whether dem bitches want to or not y'all!
we all remember Hanoi Jane, now we got Jihad Jones man take your stinking team to another country,…   
'Suffragettes were inspirational - not terrorists' - Sky News    
Yes the children att the hospitals are terrorists. I think the little prema…  
So if you are going to mock Islam as a   religion of peace   you also need to mock   for selling $110B in arms… 
A sho  clip showing the situation of in Golestan Haftom 4Feb2018 where the Dervish community confronted the regime forces.…
best jungle girls nude pictures porn star attack  
hijayakumar      …
No, but I can imagine pretending to be upset.   
Surely  ISIS have realised  by now that beheading more people serves no point. It isn't going to make the  US back off.…
Public mockery is a social attack. When ppl make fun of you, they are gaining happininess  over some  weakness  of yours.… 
I'm going to blow up Rimini  . 32-year-old incarcerated Tunisian man due to be expelled from Italy for threatening to c… 
Painting Islam as an ideology rather than a religion is a…  
Afrin Update 05.02:
BREAKING:   Jumped On Bandwagon To Condemn Attack On Muslim Girl. The Attack Never Happened.  
PhD in terrorism
As  IslamicState fighters return, Central Asia braces for attacks 
As the right-wing pushes its 'Land Jihad' conspiracy theory, a Hindu prope y agent struggles to help his Muslim client… 
Many  journalists fail to utilize basic tools to keep them &amp; their sources safe from digital attack. Here are some recommended di…
Children Ward Completed in District Headqua er  Hospital DHQ Layyah:
Let's experience TRUE OTAKU LIFE with  Akihabara Genuine  Otaku  Guide.
WTF?Ah,it's member of famous HRC organization,servants of MSM and spreaders of fake news ordered by th…   
Reve ed , there was no islam in the world for m… 
I pulled my heavy body back to the entrance only to be greeted by two people that have been worried about me and ca…  
It’s almost as if he’s trying to encourage domestic terrorism.
Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD  
Hard for us in the UK to imagine this; we get dragged off to prison for demonstrating against something that the UK…  
“Finally, Coll identifies the  Iraq invasion of 2003 as a costly distraction for the United States and a boon for  Afghanist… 
I’m sure. Ma ial a s are predominantly defensive, and used only in case…   
why do others like attack the Christian
Check if stock is shariah compliant,🌙Islamic Investor🌙 
US sta s Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over  ISIS  - Washington Times  
when you accidentally ove hink yourself into an anxiety attack  
this is a pretty sma  guy when is comes to  Muslims 🎯  MAGA  realdonaldtrump
Macro-less  malware: The  cyclical  attack  
PEW research predicts Sweden will be 40% Muslim by 2050. Sweden is not at an Islamic trade route, it has…   
This is truly laudable and we commend troops of the NA, but there was an attack this morning. Obviously, some have…   
Mourinho hardly lies on issues like this and I'm totally with him on that we do have enough in attack
Civilians who suffocated w/ Chlorine attack by Assad &amp; Russian airstrikes in  Saraqib/ Idlib  
I’m so relieved that it wasn’t something super serious I almost had a panic attack😩 but anyway Namjoon I hope you rest…
Syrian Revolution my ass 😒  Syria  
First attack on Pakistani airbases  
They are also responsible for 'Forget News   
This is my first tweet. After listening 2 u tonight. I think it is wo h looking into i…  
Widowmaker's hea  attack is going to be today's most googled thing.
LAST MEN IN  Aleppo :
@ _com Who are the terrorists?
But u r in Favour of   Love Jihad   ?? 
Pilot of Russian Su-25 Blew Himself Up After Being Encircled by Terrorists - MoD -    
Safe From Harm   by Massive Attack from   Blue Lines   
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes    DSNWorld
No Shaz law... have a bacon sandwich and lighten up  
Islam does not believe in nation state and secular democracies. No Islamic Moslem can believe in the ide…  
Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD  
i could tweet that i’m dying tomorrow and nobody would bat an eyelid but i tweet that i don’t like mayonnaise and a…  
Now Playing on Jazzy Lounge radio: Attack The Doctor by Blockhead  nowplaying Click to listen:…  
I think that the 'not in my name' organisation is a great idea, and should be suppo ed by everyone, including non Isla… 
Jihad in America - Political Islam  
Sometimes all we need is a little helping hand.
Seering piece on modest Islamic fashion and Murdoch media's take on it. 👍👍👍    MediaWatch  auspol
Trump's buddy Putin acts with impunity as no Russian Sanctions from Trump who acts beholden to Putin
Painting Islam as an ideology rather than a religion is a cynical…
Cialis  Tablets  in  Bahawalpur  Faisalabad  Karachi  Lahore  Islamabad  Pakistan.
women hot pussy islam and oral sex  
React to this  news (Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD) @  
jaimeotero_: Militant groups in West Africa are using increased suppo  from al-Qaeda and Islamic State…  
That’s war,and shitty horrific things happen in wars.Two wrongs don’t make a right,or are yo…   
This shocking footage appears to show the remains of Rohingya muslims that were dissolved in acid by the Myanmar army.…
Saraqeb   teams respond to an attack with  chlorine gas. 9 injured including 3 White Helmet volunteers. Attac…
3 more were forced to flee because of the  vi…
Lauri Love is charged with masterminding a 2013 attack by Anonymous on US government websites. Will Britain allow h…  
West punished  Palestine when it voted freely but endorses  Israel 's vote for  occupation  
Prof. Richard Falk: Rather than Addressing Israeli Apa heid, Nikki Haley Chooses to Attack Me - American He...   
Check if stock is shariah compliant,🌙Islamic Investor🌙 
Islamic State, al-Qaeda Suppo  Fuels Attacks in West Africa 
via    Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD…  
Mr. Trump very respectably as U are doing good work against terrorism Please just explore yrself what's happening i…  
Jigglypuff ♀ Feint Attack/Disarming Voice (IV: 91% - CP: 356 - L: 18 until 06:03:49am.  
“Seems it’s fine to help kill Muslims but not to dress them fashionably”  MediaWatch  auspol
And that leads to a problem where most ppl who follow Islam find it perfectly ok to be…  
Almost had an hea  attack waking up to people taking about nam in surgery 💔but he alright ❤
WOW Top color Emerald best quality for SALE
Occupy:  Militants are repo ing  Advances over areas already under their control
y: The hea  attack and bowel cancer side effect not so good  
Khaama 25 ISIS militants killed in the latest airstrikes in Nangarhar    Afghanistan
In Raqqa, Civilians Clear Explosives Left By ISIS – Breaking199   
Yep, they cant un-ring this bell. And to the hardcore segment (and prob much of the m…   
Its because they see nothing wrong with these things. Physical Jihad is usually accompanied by informational jihad: propagan…
They wouldn't attack. They'd  be defensive as their United Counterpa .  
Discrimination in Trump's times  Iran  IranPower  News  
Islamic State, al-Qaeda Suppo  Fuels Attacks in West Africa: Islamist militant groups in West Africa's Sahel region are usin… 
Palestinian Islamic Jihad have rearmed and replenished ranks - BBC News  
Your di y criminal fingerprints are all over this. Federal Prison would be a slap on the wrist.  
Under the Ministry of Education, every college — be it a foreign college or an Indonesian one — that t…   
There's a reason we can tell when a mixed child has a white mother. Don't take paracetamol for white womens headache, they w… 
The  Trump administration’s attack on the  FBI is an attack on  America and our security. Really depressing.  FBIMemo  Trum…
I'm sad  Xians of India don't see how their brethren r ill-treated, decimated in Pak/Bangla.  Minority isn't tolerated… 
Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD  news  breakingnews
Egypt- Army Spokesman refutes alleged  Israel|i direct action in  Sinai. Notably no statement was made by any offi…  
A Christian leader is an infidel.
Use words not weapons. Catch the terrorists, dont bomb innocent villages.  notoairstrike  prayfo heinnocents  standingto… 
So very excited to be able to share this WHOPPER video from this year's   NYE Mix Tape in…  
Widow's hea  attack is going to be today's most googled phrase.   ThisIsUs
The Italian mob is peddling pills to ISIS  
Misbah, grown man b4 colour cam was invented, a better fielder than most of  Pakistan 'youngsters'  CWC15  PakvsUae http:… 
I prefer the movement of a Mezzala, gets into the channels more and offers more to my attack 
Iran: We will withdraw our forces from  Syria if  Damascus asks to do so
DCShadow explained: A technical deep dive into the latest AD attack technique  
I added a video to a   playlist   Rokonuzzaman Islamic Song 2018 | Bangla New Islamic Song 2018
RIP....A big salute  
We will be there...come say hello. See our presentation...  
Someone posted a picture AND I WASNT READY and I almost had a hea  attack
Sonic Mania - Special Stages, Bonuses, and Time Attack   
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 177.68.184.113  
Iranian Activist Criticizes Feminists: Barbie With Hijab Gets Media Coverage, But Women Forced to Wear One Don’t   
BREAKING: Iraqi government spokesman confirms to AP that drawdown of US forces from Iraq has sta ed following vict…  
ISIS terrorists returning to home countries, including to USA can’t be done without Turkey’s help, where else they…   
Don’t let this apologist decei…
NowPlaying Teardrop by Massive Attack  
Selama aku kenal  , and I'm talking as someone that's irreligious.. She observes the rituals and respect the… 
UnitedStates  Iraq Find out what happens   ...  
business: Militant groups in West Africa are using increased suppo  from al-Qaeda and Islamic State…  
The shameful neglect of  Iran’s human rights violations, aiming to obtain a new agreement with Tehran, should not be rep… 
GwadarPo  Free Zone launched in SW Pakistan, expected to facilitate trade under China- Pakistan Economic Corridor (v… 
The last moments of the daughter of The Prophet of Islam, Holy Lady Fatima Zahra 💔 
2nd field army forces killed a terrorist element &amp; caught (6) others, destroyed (2) SUVs ,(6) motorcy…   
You are confusing the demise of religions with the economic migrant increase of Islam
The   interviewed   Maj. Gen. James Jarrard, Commander of Special Operations about stabilizati…   
It’s great for magic that strategies other than “cast my creatures on curve and attack with everything” are good. Long live…
WOAH OKAY WE ARE UNDER ATTACK  
At least 6 people were killed in an attack by Boko Haram in Cameroon's Far No h region: local source (file pic)  
A new  Pakistan coming up
There should be law to regulate this things. Ban Islam.
Iran urges Turkey to stop its attack on Afrin  
Agree wholehea edly - the right will stop at nothing to turn this country into a cut price off shore tax haven for…  
Russia is taking decisive actions to stop the activity of terrorists in  Syria in response to the downing of a Russ…  
BREAKING: Iraqi government spokesman confirms to AP that drawdown of US forces from Iraq has sta ed following victory over Islamic…
AYS Daily Digest 04.02.18: 47 Believed Dead off Coast of Melilla/Protests in Ceuta/Right-wing te…
I added a video to a   playlist   Malaysia Made me Embrace Islam || Muslim Conve  Stories
.     
Decimated by war, the streets of the old city of  Mosul lie in ruins.   
Osborne got what he deserved. He was a terrorist scum bag who went out of his way…  
Turkish flag raised on  Syria’s Mt.  Rajo after liberated from terrorists
Ramsey adds a lot in attack. No doubt. But leaves plenty space too. One of the best box to box in the world. But if…  
Reseting HSBC Hong Kong password requires hand delivering a form to the bank.
EMP Attack Threat Is Real  Bo Hudson  bushcraft  
Self-Destruct. Worst attack. Ever.
Recognising Jerusalem: Unilateralism, International Law, and the Trump White House 
✔ Free Live stream in HD ➜  
Fo  Russ: PHOTOS: Christians hold mass in former  ISIS-stronghold for first time in five…  
The truth is this uprising is an unexpected ea hquake, and of course with a clear objective launched by the Irania…   
Israel Prison Officials Warn Ahead of Mass Depo ations Of Africans In Israel:   No Room to Jail Asylum Seekers  !!!…   
Kremlin Deeply Worried That Terrorists Have MANPADS After  Su-25 Downing in  Syria  Russia  spokesman...…  
If you proved to me that they didn't have any positive influence in any field. Ibn H…  
While you recently had your problems on the run, they've regrouped and 
African-American man fighting for his life after unprovoked racist ‘rage’ attack in Auburn   via  …
Meet our selection panel: Isis O'Regan is a promoter &amp; activist who also runs   -  sister  nights sim…  
Brits,No problem just depo  them back to ME,wall to wall Sharia for them to enjoy!DEPO  THEM ALL, MEN,WOMEN,KIDS!   
The Gull in attack mode 🦅 📸   inphoto 🤘🏼  
naked attack big tit porn site  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
Captain among 4 soldiers killed as  Pakistan pounds J&amp;K's Rajouri sector  Kashmir  KashmirSolidarityDay…  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
one mans rebel is another mans  Terrorists having said that these are terrorist's AKA…  
Good, hope the Turkish terrorists are driven back into the sea. 
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat  
Um
…
Obama has said that there are tradeoffs between privacy and security in an age of international terrorism.  Did...  
To sensibly tackle the problem of Islam without giving into racist ideas, join or suppo    y lead by our hard… 
Mattis warns  Syria against using chemical weapons....and just by chance the  WhiteHelmets stage another fake chemi…  
Lauri Love is charged with masterminding a 2013 attack by Anonymous on US government websites. Will Britain allow him to s…
Queen
Kurds were betrayed by Truman and Turkey has treated them as vermin since the 1950s. Destroy Sunni Islam and the Ottoman…
Militant groups in West Africa are using increased suppo  from al-Qaeda and Islamic State    
Israel has been playing a di y  RegimeChange game against  Eritrea trying to use the  refugees  migrants as cannon fodder…
The principal  terror threat to the UK remains   self-radicalised British residents  , writes   in its…   
Russia TV names  Kurds defending  Afrin - “terrorists”, quoting  Turkish militaries. The Kurds who were allies by same Russ… 
VigilPatriot tweeted - We MUST stand up for our rights &amp; civilization. Do not bow to Islam's sword.…  
Good…  
Why is the Minister of Health under attack?
VigilPatriot tweeted - “Muslims condemn terrorism.” Perhaps but they cannot condemn Mohammed’s (the perfect Muslim)…  
His just forgot  Yemen  Iraq  Yugoslavia  Somali  Vietnam  Korea  Libya  Gaza   Afghanistan and this is not a complete list 😡😡😡
Chlorine gas attack incoming in 3,2,1.... 
OMG Gowdy, now you?! I'm losing faith in ALL of  Congress! We're NOT all on the same side. We're on th…   
Uganda to publish  Islamic  Banking rules soon -central  Bank:   
The Face(s) of devastation.
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat    
There is no 'growing call' for it and 'michael' has been unable to point us to it.
IndianArmy shall give proper reply to  Pakistan :  rajnathsingh    
Attack of The Big Ass Burger (plus Crypto talk) [Dot Com Vlog 3]    vlogging  vlog…  
Top Muslim Scholar: Western politicians should stop pretending terrorism has nothing to do with…  
Dois
🍰 Learn how to decorate cake with Arabic &amp; Islamic Designs!
So SaudiArabia, bi hplace of Islam,  Mecca &amp; 19 of 9/11 terrorists, gave Muslim-basher  Trump its highest civilian honor?… 
Video of abt two years back when Captain Kapil Kundu came to his village in Haryana. The young officer was killed y…  
Kremlin Deeply Worried That Terrorists Have MANPADS After  Su-25 Downing in  Syria  spokesman...…  
How is it that the people (Hezbollah)who are defending their homeland are called terrorists but yet the aggressors…  
Y’all divas need to get laid, or take up some stress relieving hobby that involves abstract a . Sheeesh.  MAGA in…   
What  Iranian women want:
Good lu…
💯   Media  Daily PHOTOS: Christians hold mass in former  ISIS-stronghold for first time in five years in  Syria's…  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
Israelis target ISIS fighters in Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact  
The terrorist act in response to the brutal murder is inexcusable, but it's funny how you just shrug your shoulders any time… 
Battle Over Bodies Rages Quietly In Iraqs Mosul Long After Islamic State Defeat    
Hea  attack, ,  ,   
Regime Change Is Coming In Iran   via    إيران   IranProtests  Iran
At least 6 people were killed in an attack by Boko Haram in Cameroon's Far No h region: local source (file pic)  
Why are you not concerned about the hundreds of people being murdered by these Fulani terrori…  
I doubt he shares reciprocal feelings for you.  Especially when you continue…  
BoycottIsrael
KashmirSolidarityDay   MochiGateJalsa  Join us on  5thFebruary 2018  at  Lahore   KashmirDay  to show the solidari…  
Activists in  Iran repo ing many Instagram users are calling for people to boycott completely the BBC.  
Yeah. I couldn't even take images of all his terrorist loving actions. Here is a full…  
Islam is Love  
…  
Why do literally feel like my hea  is gonna beat out of my chest every time I get up from my desk at work and walk…  
Had pretty much that same conversation yesterday Will. See this tweet and check t…  
My hea  goes out to the wonderful people of Manchester, who have suffered grievous loss of life in a terrorist attack ton… 
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
They may discuss all they wish. Both have betrayed the Jewish State &amp; neither is relevant to the status of Jerusale…  
Lexieeeee and Markkk 😭Why am I doing this to myself, I’m gonna cry myself a hea  attack 😭  GreysAnatomy 
Turkish-backed rebels seize Syrian border town from Kurdish forces - map    Afrin  Aleppo  Syria  …
Terrorism - Our World In Data   2
Egypt- Army Spokesman refutes alleged  Israel|i direct action in  Sinai. Notably no statement was made by any official cha…
Indeed he doesn't understand the culture. He is unable to think beyond the surface.…  
If someone is scared to needle and will have a he…   6
White House ID's 15 Muslim Terrorists Who Entered U.S. via Chain Migration, Visa Lottery Scams   via @… 
Cinco
Uganda to publish  Islamic  Banking rules soon -central  Bank:   
Iraqi government spokesman confirms to AP that drawdown of US forces from Iraq has sta ed following victory over I…  
Trump Nominee for United Nations Migration Program Mocked Islam and Climate Change, Repo  ... -    GoogleAle s 
AntiPope  Francis’ Apostasy in the Blue  Mosque
Seis
21 civilians including 8 children were killed last night by  Assad &amp;  Putin forces in  Idlib
Rappler under attack. Weakening media. Age of post-truth. Accountabilty as first victim.  
The   interviewed   Maj. Gen. James Jarrard, Commander of Special Operations about stabilization in  S… 
War on  Kurds that Won't End: No Signs Fighting Will Cease in  Syria - By  Turkey to prevent any chance of a new…  
the permanent lie, you seek to bombard Syria sovereign country under false pretexts, you are the godfathers of… 
Instagram introduces new 'type mode' feature in stories -    Pakistan  
GetWellSoonNamjoon
follow the page for more islamic videos  
.  Yur Hasbara Nonsense Isn't How The Majority of Americans Think abt the Israeli TerroristApa heidS…  
JagoKashmirJago hamare  Kashmir ko ese brbad mat hone do..
Archive: Jim Molan called for a “zero tolerance” approach to terrorism &amp; believes Australia should consider giving up right…
Hey, nice ca oon though, doesn't amount to spit though, just like that I'll conceived me…   
Senseless  
Save your outrage David. When did I ever say I suppo ed the alt-right or justified that dude's actions? Just pointing out h…
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan via the   App   
Oito
YouTube begins flagging videos backed by governments -    Pakistan  
NY Times: Israel pounds ISIS in Egypt through 'secret alliance' with Cairo:  
The Gull in attack mode 🦅 📸   inphoto 🤘🏼  
Attack Monday with enthusiasm, laughter, thousands of smiles and cheerfulness!  mondaymotivation  sta up  smallbusine… 
Nove
World nuclear facilities vulnerable to cyber-attack  
Why are ex Muslims so obsessed with Islam, like, get over it. 
Democrats threaten, Federal building attack possible by deep state.   
Sma  one ladies. Counter attack to bad.  
Cou  sides with Texas prisoner in suit alleging ‘deliberate indifference’ led to hea  attack -  
Basically
Concealed Permit Holder Pulls Gun, Stops Attack on Police Officer - Breitba    
Thanks to all the Iranian youth who took pa  in this impo ant meeting! ✌️
Dez
Seriously bugs will give hea  attack
Take note    = We will fight and crush everyone if  …
Muslims believe that preaching of  Quran is rewarded with divine rewards  ep3_M&amp;S  
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat  
LIVE: Kitaab At-Tawheed Wed.Fri.Sun. After Ishaa w/Hamzah AbdurRazzaaq: Class  61 on  spreaker  hamzah_abdurrazzaaq  i…
KashmirMatters  KashmirSolidarityDay  How about Indian Hindu Terrorism when the civilized world wrongly but freque…  
Jack
MEHWAR:  Pakistan Shelling On  Kunar Discussed
Please share this video as widely as possi.and help spread the hi…
Key findings from  BBC  survey by the centre-right think tank, Policy Exchange, of more than 1,000  Muslims living…   
The  value of a person lies in their Islamic  manners and not bodily structures.  behavior  
Militant groups in West Africa are using increased suppo  from al-Qaeda and Islamic State    
Onze
I liked a   video   Film Theory: DON'T Attack The Titans! (Attack on Titan)
I just had a super-late realization about  ThisIsUs- Jack died from a hea  attack. Toby had a hea  attack in fron…  
Nuclear attack.
Over nine years after Mumbai 26/11 attack, Maharashtra Police still jostling for bullet-proof vests…   
It's a blatant attack on my immunity system and realm by incompetence wanders off
Muslims killing Muslims you say?
In a shocking attack on Obama's legacy, Trump announces all Obama phones will receive a mandatory firmware update. https:/… 
38 years ago, a Presidential candidate conspired with enemies of our country to affect the outcome of…   
Terror-D body is a must feat   drops feb 14th. Valentine's Day bonanza for all…  
The growing terrorism threat in Africa is a shared responsibility, requires the intensification of our effo s in a coo… 
United Kingdom: How faith schools and academies only serve to strengthen Islamic fundamentalism  
Shooter Who Attacked  Philadelphia  Police Officer Jesse Ha nett in the Name of Islamic State Found Guilty  HiTechCJ ht…
Someone posted a photo and I didn’t think they even used Instagram anymore and I’m still having a hea  attack
Thanks your suppo s to Iranian protesters against oppression, corruption iran 
Why don’t you slap a little light on the injustices against women in Islam? Surely you have some influen…  
Neo news ale ! Is the Left Pro-Islamic? --    Neocoin $neo
Paris attack suspect Salah Abdeslam silent as trial opens in Belgium    
Doze
No obstacle to enforcing order:  Maldives Supreme Cou HappeningNow  BreakingNews…  
attack sexual predators. attack their past and current enablers too. y’all know who you are, what you did, and what…   
Traitors stick together,    Corbyn  Labour  SinnFein  ISIS  IRA  terroristsympathisers 🐍🐍 
Russian pilot downed in Syria commits suicide with hand grenade rather than be taken by ISIS jihadis  
Lovely letter from December 1940 -  This  Bury  Lancashire cinema offered free cinema tickets to child evacuees fro…  
You must really love that dog   
Miscreants attack man outside his residence
Lovely letter from December 1940 -  This  Bury  Lancashire cinema offered free cinema tickets to child evacuees from  …
PrisonPlanet:   JackBMontgomery: Oh good, another BBC programme about how native Brits are lazy and useless compar…   
are basically reaching for the stars to try and drag him cos there's literally nothing else you can attack him for.
Similar chaos wanted happening years back when I was in same school. Best form of defence is attack,…   
if i see again people here yelling   in Iran there is freedom of worship   im gonna hit yall with the inhumane persec…   
Its not normal
PrisonPlanet:   PrisonPlanet: Jacob Rees-Mogg for Prime Minister.
How a Lawyer can become activist / lobbyist? Ahmed Raza Qasuri, Senior Advocate Supreme Cou  of  Pakistan…   
This is not a constitutional crisis. Have you ever read the constitution?  The crisis was obama's admi…  
so whos next to attack me
god i thought something really serious happened namjoon and i almost had a hea  attack
Kurdish demonstrators block the road leading to the US embassy in Awkar to protest against the Turkish attack on Syria's Af…
Thousands raised for father who tried to attack paedophile doctor jailed for abusing his three ...  
Hizab should not be forced. It's a modern day obligation associated with…  
Militant groups in West Africa are using increased suppo  from al-Qaeda and Islamic State…  
Treze
sexy rican pornstars naked sexy islamic girls porn  
⭐️  UK •  New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes…  
Beautician feared jealous estranged husband would launch acid attack over ‘tanned gym lover’ during stalking campai…  
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
INFO: Kurdish Afrin is resisting against the world's second largest superior Turkish army, and its world's most barbaric… 
Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD —   World News  
Boycott From Within: Ronnie Barkan and Haidar Eid    gaza  palestine  Nakba
King Abdullah of Jordan: “Maybe there’s a lack of understanding of Islam” in Washington   &gt;
On this day 1 February 1979, the Ayatollah seized charge of  Iran, taking it back centuries from a modern nation into… 
Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD —   World News  
Quatorze
Russia,  Iran and U.S must stop their involvement and stop bombing civilians in  Syria   
Islam clearly states you must never force your child to marry someone against their own will. It isnt any different than…
The first essential for an attack is the will to attack.  -  Savielly Ta akower
Fake sh•t news and very poor quality one. There is still time for all the terrorists to leave Syria and get a nice l…
BREAKING: Iraqi government spokesman confirms to AP that drawdown of US forces from Iraq has sta ed following vict…  
Will Nation of Islam is the only one still teaching that the black man is still oppressed the black man is a Slave ...…
Time for the foreign terrorists to pack up and leave.
Turkey has so far detained 573 people for social media posts and protests criticizing its military against the Kur…  
ALHNews trending in  Pakistan
A private citizen with a concealed gun comes to a Utah Cop's rescue, stops a brutal attack on the Cop, and saves the Cop'… 
25 ISIS militants killed in the latest airstrikes in Nangarhar    
JayZ suppo s  Satan and is the leader of  ISIS  MAGA  
In heaven he will beat up the parents of   and  .  
Now breaking: Russian MoD says Pilot of downed  Su25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists =…  
hkhypy1:  Telnet Possible Telnet attack from 177.3.70.124  
Quinze
The gov't review of Islamic law in the UK was published last week, so here's a sho  thread of reactions and discus…   
Syrian  refugees seeking safety could end up taking dangerous and illegal routes to reach alternative countries or…  
Iran's Future, In Its Own Words via   IranProtests  Iran 
Civil Defense teams rescued a baby, alive, among the ruins of death.  WhiteHelmets  Idlib Feb 4  Syria   
Logging onto your Turkey, you piece of shit game is over you have the terrorists they suppo  verd happiness 
Good Move! Play to WIN!!@🏈🏈🏈   
9-year-old girl allegedly raped in Thatta- Sindh- Pakistan . You better concentrate on your Country…  
Britain Condemns Biblical Creationism, Compares it to Radical Islam   via   
ISIS features Benjamin Netanyahu in official magazine - Middle East - Jerusalem Post  
Fuck off WHY are we so reluctant to shame boys for cheating and attack the girls they cheated with?! She didn’t cheat on anyo…
Dezesseis
releasing the Nunes memo is tantamount to a Mobster-turned-Mayor using a two bit city counselor to attac…
Ankit Saxena murder: Girlfriend's mom planned attack, 'created' road rage scene to pull him out of car, says eyewitness https:… 
Israel Moves to Expel  Africans including sudanese  
: Russian pilot Major Roman Filippov says   This is for our guys!   (Russians killed fighting terrorists in Syria) ju…   
Boko Haram: One killed, another injured in Borno fresh attack 
Civil Defense teams rescued a baby, alive, among the ruins of death.  WhiteHelmets  Idlib Feb 4  Syria   
Louvre shuts Islamic a  display due to rising river Seine
This ca oon says a lot more than words! Amazing ca oon by Azerbaijani  GirlsofRevolutionStreet  Iran  
کشمیر_کو_آزاد_کرو
I’ve heard people like   comparing Momentum to the Nazis.
Mali[UPDATE]: JNIM claims responsibility for an IED attack which killed 2 soldiers in the Gao region   
to cong k tym me solve kyu nhi kiya
Dezessete
History and populism    Israel  GermanDeathCampsNotPolish  German… 
Canada: Two Muslim former University of Manitoba students wanted for jihad terror activities  
Islam has established the system of zakat in order to provide assistance to the people who depend upon others for subsiste…
Prez George Weah to face serious challenges – Islamic Cleric predicts    
from Palestinian terrorists HamA$$ perspective another victory in Gaza war is overdue. on average they need a big v…  
Mans 😂😂  
The formation can be played at the Emirates where we dominate games and have more of the ball but to p…  
isangirl  …
Just think about it......the suffragettes gave women the vote so their voices could be heard on an equal…  
An Iranian ballestic missile fired from  Yemen was intercepted by  Saudi air defenses this morning.  Iran  
rape
PHOTOS: Christians hold mass in former ISIS-stronghold for first time in five years in Syria's east   --  
On Wednesday, a parliamentary debate on children in military detention is scheduled to take place in  Westminster a…   
One other tweak to Silent Hill 3 after Silent Hill 2 is full movement control during attack animations.
FIFA world cup2018 trophy in pakistan
A land whose stones are iron and out of whose hills you can dig copper   (Deuteronomy 8:9) Advancements in the Arch…   
ier: EU Ambassadors met the Speaker of Parliament &amp; members of committees.  Egypt  terrorism  development  education  HumanR…
India,  Pakistan Trade Accusations After Deadly  Kashmir Gunfire   via   
I wish it happen in Germany men (  ),Sweden men (   …   
Thanks to   &amp;  , Indian defense personnel are booked by local police for defending our country. What pathet… 
Mothe eresa is not a  saint.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ Iranian People like all people around the world ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️Please, meet t…   
AnkitSaxena s life would have been saved, but some cowards got scared of the knife &amp; kept watching the crime and none sh… 
Dezenove
I love this song  
How to Protect  WordPress  Website from  Malware  Attack  
Paris attack suspect Salah Abdeslam silent as trial opens in Belgium    
The jet, piloted by Major Roman Philipov, was flying over the Idlib de-escalation zone on Saturday when it was dow…   
San Jose: Vulpix 100.0% (15/15/15) CP:718 (L35) Quick Attack/Flamethrower till 03:06:58 (29m 58s). 
joined isis
San Jose: Vulpix 100.0% (15/15/15) CP:718 (L35) Quick Attack/Flamethrower till 03:06:58 (29m 58s). 
That’s one dangerous keg.  
What clearer example do you need to illustrate that Linda Sarsour doesn't represent women in Islam?
Legend  
Council on American Islamic Relations (CAIR) | Clarion Project   CAIR IS BENT ON DESTROYING A…  
Jigglypuff ♂ Feint Attack/Disarming Voice (IV: 89% - CP: 625 - L: 32 until 06:05:40am.  
: Russian pilot Major Roman Filippov says   This is for our guys!   (Russians killed fighting terrorists in Syria) just befor… 
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes    
Discrimination in Trump's times  Iran  PersianGulf🇮🇷  
Trump nominee for United Nations migration program mocked Islam and climate change, repo  reveals   
Beautician Feared Jealous Estranged Husband Would Launch Acid Attack Over ‘tanned Gym Lover’ During Stalking Campai…  
Uttar Pradesh Miscreants attack man outside his residence:   via  
can’t wait to be with patrick &amp; finish watching attack on titan 😩
Nuclear plan: China accuses US of 'Cold War mentality': China foreign ministry says US should focus on promoting re…  
French medias call suicide-terrorism kamikaze. Kamikaze was the attacks to the enemy ships, not terrorism.   
Listen to this absolute twat. Off his nut lol  
Myanmar: Who are the Rohingya?: Why are the more than one million Rohingya in Myanmar considered the 'world's most…  
Just watched GOPers Mark Meadows &amp; Jim Jordan on   from the green room. Wanted to ask them why they are more w…
History: 'ISIS suspects arrested for terror plot against Israeli soccer team in Albania' - Israel News - Jerusalem Post  
ReddyLikhita  IndianArmy shall give proper reply to  Pakistan :  rajnathsingh    
( ) JUST IN: Iraqi government spokesman confirms to AP that drawdown of US forces from Iraq has sta ed following…  
( ) JUST IN: Iraqi government spokesman confirms to AP that drawdown of US forces from Iraq has sta ed following…  
At least 6 people were killed in an attack by Boko Haram in Cameroon's Far No h region: local source (file pic)  
Turkey's Erdogan meets pope, Jerusalem expected on agenda: Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has arrived at th…   
The Truth Behind the Rumours: Are the MEK Marxist? IranProtests  Iran
is this real lol  
Russian pilot downed in Syria commits suicide with hand grenade rather than be taken by ISIS jihadis  
92 News HD Plus Headlines 03:00 PM
A Turkish convoy entered  Idlib  Syria and is heading towards Al-EIS to setup an observation point.
FreeOurLeaders  FreeSouthernCameroons  FreeAllArrested Our leaders are not terrorists. They are fighting for the restoratio…
Syrians suffer breathing difficulties after regime strikes    humanrights  iran  Iraq
‘Where is the coalition?’  Mosul  Iraq...  
Kurdish  YPJ Women's Defense Units strike  Turkish tank with ATGM, killing 2 tank crew members in Shera district,  Afrin  S… 
Trump uses the D-Day   Pas de Calais   Strategy against the Democrats all the time.  He makes them think the attack is comin… 
Iran news in brief, February 5, 2018   via    HumanRights 
His behavior can be unacceptable but no one focus on threats &amp; intimidation of ex-hardcore LTTE terrorist…  
Kremlin spokesman  Peskov:
Parkour Spo  in  Gaza .. !!  
The  Iranian people who live on a sea of oil look at what the  Iran ian government is doing with a sick person:
AMIR KHAN  BOTTLE  TRICK |  Boxer  AmirKhan Is  Universally  Recognised For Having The  Fastest  Hand  Speed In The  W…
s…  
BREAKING: Iraqi government spokesman confirms to AP that drawdown of US forces from Iraq has sta ed following vict…  
Kiss (My Feet) and Make Up: Marital Advice in Iran    Islamic  Islam  tcot
Why  Fallout ? “The title has multiple meanings in the film, from the literal to the figurative,” explains McQuarri…   
Please, our leader take good care and rest well!!!! I was able to get a panick attack :’( please take care!!!… 
Republican House Intel member says memo isn't an 'attack on Bob Mueller'  
Mr. Perfect, first  Muslim U.S. President, born in Kenya,   is seeking legal counsel, because the illega…   
Attack Monday with enthusiasm, laughter, thousands of smiles and cheerfulness!  mondaymotivation  smallbusiness  sta up  webs… 
Feb 4  Tehran  Iran
Yo my name is cyrus rodriguez i go by cyrus the virus honestly fuck the population generations from…  
Videos surfacing of a chlorine attack in  Idlib. BBC's   says at least 150 airstrikes from both  Russia and  Sy…

When you attack someone's house,  and you're not even a member of the home 🤦🏾‍♂️ o lebelletse eng? 🤷🏾‍♂️   
Only Librils can do this..
London police: 3 suspects killed, 6 others dead after London Bridge attack | 
Good riddance. What a filthy murderer.
when you accidentally ove hink yourself into an anxiety attack  
New Trump Crackdown Seeks to Sever Ties Between Iran, Palestinian Terrorists New sanctions disrupt Iranian-backed terror group… 
I believe hatred between Jews and Arabs under the name in the name of Islam in 1948.
Never heard of you b4 I saw this list. So you're the traitor dentist? You attack the FBI? Good luck in th…  
EDITORIAL: Some 1.3 million  Saudis discontinued their  education in 2017 for various reasons, even though there should… 
THE  BEST  PARKING SKILLS By A Truck Driver | This  Truck  Driver  Skills Is  Awesome |  Wo h To  Watch |  Pakistan  …
Syria,  Iran ink minutes on enhancing cooperation in pharmaceutical sector   
I request Dalits to accept Islam and be a pa  of Muslim ummah where everyone is equal.  
...and here in the US, this type of  USCIS &amp;   policy will not be engaged. 
The Attack Of Bots In Your ‘Sma  Homes’    chatbot  
US sta s  Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over IS  UnitedStates  AL-ASADAIRBASE    
Get your car insurance from us and get Excess protector,political,terrorism, riot and strikes cover, GET the deal d…   
Western contractors at coalition base: American troops sta  drawdown in Iraq following defeat of Islamic State group.
The cou s they already face are Sharia cloned? Muslims are judged more leniently than non - Muslims?  
Militant groups in West Africa are using increased suppo  from al-Qaeda and Islamic State    
How can I remember something that never happened, and that nobody provided evidence for. Also the Turkish army is w…   
PAUL BLA :  MALL  COP 2 - 'I Do  Ride'  Clip | Don't Hit a  Police  Horse |  Watch Till  End |  Pakistan  UK  US  Nep…
Most MSM doesn't repo  the myriad of such incidents going on everyday all over  Europe.  Citizens hear about the o…  
Calling ISIS   conservative   is a bit like calling the Branch Davidians liberals because they practiced free love. They're cl… 
my favs are junkrat, Lucio and hanzo. but peuple like watching front line Battle so. ..... mabye a attack ca… 
behindeverygreatcity IS AN INTOLERANCE OF ISLAMIC INTOLERANCE
Battle over bodies rages quietly in  Iraq's  Mosul long after  ISIS defeat    
What about po ishead? Ma ina…  
for those ugly animals jihadist the only solution is ATOMIC BOMB to destroy jihadist scumbags totaly…  
Today PM  Pakistan Abbasi Addresing AJK Assembly and  Kashmir Council said the entire Pakistani nation stnd by the…  
The militias led the fight along with Iraqi special forces, the Iraqi army collapsed in the face of IS…   
Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Security Act Congress Legislation for Business and Manufacturers | United State...  
Civilians who suffocated w/ Chlorine attack by Assad &amp; Russian airstrikes in  Saraqib/ Idlib  
Your outlook on life must be so simple that you think to equate ISIS with conservatives in the United States and Europe. htt…
Filipino Traffic Cop Doing His  Job Like A  Boss |  Traffic  Cop  Dance  MichaelJackson  Style |  Wo h To  Watch |  …
&lt;= I'll wait &amp; see if @ _Erdogan has the balls to attack 'marked'  US troops!
Russia-n Pilot of downed  Su-25 in  Syria  Idlib set off grenade when surrounded by rebels  
Sonic turn ISIS into WASWAS. Like and Retweet for a Supreme drop.
Meanwhile battling with Terrorism,  Pakistan won 💚 
How sad!  
When a pregnant woman suffers organ damage (ex: a hea  attack), the fetus will send stem cells to repair the damaged organ 
EoZ  Israel News: Jordanian newspaper:   Oh Netanyahu, you Jewish dog, oh Trump, you Roman dog 
The hea  attack I got for this.
In Indian occupied Kashmir,Indian 
Nonviolent Soldier of Islam: Badshah Khan, A Man To Match His Mountains via   
karachi a foreigner and local have been injured in a shooting incident near Zamzama Park DHA motive unclear foreig…  
A musical terrorist song proving Rohingyas
President, we need to modernize the nuclear arsenal, build the wall soon, defend the American bord…   
Believe that if you want. But the empire is rapidly sinking. Its global belligeren…  
Debunking the Iran Regime's Lies About the MEK: No, the MEK Aren’t Marxist   via IranProtests  Iran 
His surname is gomes and yours too,y'all related💀💀💀💀💀💀   
If they stop their crimes the day after that the Iranian people ove hrow t…
Trolls deliberately abuse free speech to harass others with hateful rhetoric. Digital platforms allow…  
Although I like the King, he is not being fo hright ....that being said, enough is enough, we need to fight for we…   
Don't Mess With Me |  Courageous And  Fearless  Goose Goes Head-To-Head With  Aggressive  Cows | And There's Only One…
Another piece of the puzzle...a lot of the African women in early Louisiana were Senegalese and under the influence of Isla…
War is Only Half the Story: 10 years of the Aftermath Project    
Europol states 5000  Jihadist will enter with  Syrian  refugees into  Europe  
Because Brothers should not fight against brother! If Jerusalem was in danger would not israel defend would not Isl…  
Near  Iran embassy in  Berlin.  No_to_Mandatory_Hejab  
Islamic State, al-Qaeda Suppo  Fuels Attacks in West Africa.   
If the occasional terror attack is what it takes to get my veggies faster - so be it.
Y’all are just as worse. Some of you may be lucky because you didn’t come crashing down with these people but there…  
Islam &amp;  Jews reject that  Jesus is  God
Dutch Paris Attack victim to attend terror suspect's trial in Brussels  
Infighting between NDS backed ISK &amp; TTP Taliban wing Lashkar-e-Islam led by Mangal bagh, in Nangarhar. 
Ungrateful Palestinian Propagandist  SaebErekat Tells   to Shut Up |  …  
Goddess Isis Transmission: Reclaiming the Fragmented Soul:  Meditation  Spirituality  Light  
Ah, so Islamic State wasn't defeated by bombs, i see. 
Philadelphia - a hotbed of jihadist activity is also known as ‘Muslim Town’    SuperBowl Eagles
I haven’t had a panic attack in almost two years. Hello again anxiety. Welcome back.
ISIS, Italy and why Islam is ‘not the problem’. Insider interview with   and   from  … 
Award-winning journalist &amp; author  , the man who uncovered Murdoch  phonehacking, helped publish…   
👏👏👏👏👍👍President Trump - what a guy! 😊😊  
But at the same time I acknowledge it's just a feeling and usually keep on doing whatever I'm doing so that's not r…  
Iran: Workers and Other Deprived Groups Continue to Protest and Strike
If everyone do their duty terrorism ne…  
PHOTOS: Hoodlums Attack Hausa Family Travelling From Benue To Calabar  
Islamic scholar Tariq Ramadan drags down Islam even fu her in the gutter with his (alleged) obscene demands to women…
Excellent   pce on freedom to choose what you wear vs banning hijab for little girls at primRy schoo…  
BlackManSmiling can I collectively tell y’all about Islam
It’s only valid if other countries are held to same standard as Israel. Plus, British Jews are somehow…   
Attack the day my friend, and never look back. 😊   
The myth of Russian Rambo returns to Russia’s propaganda machine.  
Request for immediate plan for this poor city   B1Bf6v13
1914: The Shaping of the Modern Muslim World - Pa  1 -   -  TheTrueHistory  ramadan  islam  
BREAKING: Pilot of downed  Su25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD…  
Struggle -   -  LifeInIslam  ramadan  islam  
I liked a   video   Dragon Ball Zenkai Battle Royale: Attack &amp; Special Move Combo System (Beerus, Goku, 
11 Million  Syrian's March for Bashar al- Assad MSM will never show you this in the  USA   
…
Europe: Making Islam Great Again | Zero Hedge  
Time to attack,ARMY!!! 
True Russian patriot  
:  RDP Possible RDP attack from 74.91.27.18  
Do you believe they ha…  
The latest Syrian American 4 Democratic Syria!   Thanks to    syria  turkey
Wrapping things up in  Iraq before  Iraqelex  
Four cities compete for  Islamic  Tourism Capital  Prize for 2019 and 2020. The four bidding cities are  Dacca (…  
According to  ISPR , in a suicide bombing left 11 Soldiers killed &amp; injuring many near Kabal, in a major suicide bombing… 
Benue: Policeman Killed, Force Begins Counter-Terrorism Operations   via   
THIS IS A PERSONAL ATTACK  
By not praying you are fulfilling God’s command and get the exact same reward/good deed as a man who’s able to pray  
Iranian civilians you're doing amazing sweeties, keep up the resistance   
Israeli research found that  citrus oils may hold the key for  asthma treatment.
Facebook EXCLUDES Israel ‘Country’ Option – Includes Fake Terror-State ‘Palestine’   via…  
517design:  Russia TV names  Kurds defending  Afrin - “terrorists”, quoting  Turkish militaries. The Kurds who w…   
Btw, you DO realize that this   Trump-tank   is destroyed/broken? 
After defeat of ISIS, US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan   U.S. 
“Hard situation here in  Gaza. Make everything is shit.Many offices&amp;companies close.We should die.Then maybe we wil…  
Javedji, Assalamu Alaykum !I am a huge fan of yours ! Even I write lyrics.Making singl…   
Former  Afghan President   strongly condemned  Pakistan security forces latest shelling on  Kuner province o…  
Such people are shame to humanity...  
Does this mean that there is no Islamic State group in Iraq anymore?!!
It's pathetic and sad how we are losing these brave hea s every other week. That's why I hate war,terrorism and ra…   
These is how all these terrorists usually sound!! Its only terrorist that call people infidels for no…  
SouthAfrica: ANC members attack truck carrying BLF members  
{FLASH} Again, Herdsmen Attack Ogun Communities, Sack 30 Schools   
Those men are currently serving corporate masters......my freedom is not under attack in the Middle East.   BringThemHome
In Germany, 47% of Muslims believe Sharia is more impo ant than German law. In Sweden, 52% of Muslims believe that…   
Why does Kapil Sibal always defend the terrorists n criminals in the cou s? Who is paying him for defending Salim?…  
The greatest jihad is to battle your own soul,  to fight the evil within yourself    TheProphetMuhammadﷺ   
I can’t imagine what that would be like. How can a people that suffered in the holocaust treat others this way?  
This policy is objectively anti-Russian, because Hezbollah is a cornerstone of the Moscow-Tehran Mideast alliance. 
on: .  — the pro-Modi, anti-Muslim lawyer leading the attack on the AAP, after previously going after JNU student ac… 
Well put and exactly the truth, which is why these Libtard Dumbocrats can't handle it. Money from China, Soros. Mus…   
To your Attn      …  
Pakistan President, PM talk of human rights of Kashmiris day after attacking them in J&amp;K's Rajouri ...…   i2ZDmz 
ZZ TOP.  Does play guitar and drive a Hot Rod
Simple easy VPS  HOSTING   | Online Business | Blog contents | Submit…  
Kremlin Deeply Worried That Terrorists Have MANPADS After Su-25 Downing in Syria    ApsnyNews
AMAZING  lady, suffering at the hands of terrorism to… 
Exclusive interview with Pakistan PM Abbasi, who defends his government's fight against terrorism, via    … 
Get your car insurance from us and get FREE Excess protector,political,terrorism, riot and strikes cover, GET the d…   
CM MUFTI must go if we have to have solution for J &amp; K
The left has never been   tolerant   of evil. Nor should it ever be. And when a government is conducting an ideological a… 
KashmirSolidarityDay   MochiGateJalsa  Join us on  5thFebruary 2018  at  Lahore   KashmirDay  to show the solidarity wi…
This is what desperate, hysterical, Panic-induced insanity looks like   
I dropped my croissant at this scene, why y'all wanna give me a hea  attack this morning 😭   
Daesh: Man who tried to join  Daesh arrested | Kozhikode  
Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD  
If we are to be real honest, he didn't share his thoughts on Inxeba...he merely threw a tantrum about what he think…   
I am finding his attack on Minister Motsoaledi a bit odd , but oh well 
Sen Seviyorum kardaş ... Mean I love you
Makes you wonder how they would respond to their libe y being stripped away... Oh wait  
This is a joke that the criminal Mullahs understand moderation  Iranprotests  Iran  Trump  MaryamRajavi…  
It is a matter of grave concern that Indian occupation forces are reso ing to state terrorism, war crimes and intensi… 
Really....?. Accusations against Islam as an ideol…  
Syria,  Iraq Define Executive Items for Exhibition Exchange   
Islamic [extremism] is good says Moslem Brotherhood front group!  
So I was right after all.
Unemployment and Its Relation to  Iran’s Recent Protests and Uprising
azaGeoNews: Chief Justice appoints Justice Khosa as bench head in Nihal Hashmi ‘contempt of cou ’ case. Check Imran Khan’s attack…
only if putting a cloth around your face is islam.
His behavior maybe a bit extreme but no one focus on threats &amp; intimidation of ex-hardcore LTTE terrorist…  
Europol states 5000  Jihadist will enter with  Syrian  refugees into  Europe  
Obama did not just discourage him, he actively blocked him by announcing the initiative to arm and trai…   
Iran rial now at historic low of about 48,000:1 v. US dollar --- Long queues &amp; scuffles repo ed at Tehran currency exc… 
[선공개] 사무엘 - 'SIXTEEN' M/V (paris ver.)
Really sad that some people can't accept what's right and attack others who do. I don't understand what goes on in their heads.
karachi a foreigner and local have been injured in a shooting incident near Zamzama Park DHA motive unclear foreigner is crit…
Macro-less malware: The cyclical attack   via    infosec  cybersecurity
Fun and games with the athletes of  specialolympics  ADay4All  pakistan  LOPAK    
The  Kurds From  Efrîn City Vowed Revenge As They Laid Their Ma yrs To Rest
V_of_Europe: Dutch Paris Attack victim to attend terror suspect's trial in Brussels  
Live now! Israel  HolocaustRemembrance    
How to protect your website from DDoS attack, web hacking, identity theft and malicious activities? Check out our l…   
No one would care about the  Syria.n massacres committed by  Putin &amp;  Assad in  Ghouta &amp;  Saraqeb  Idlib.
What is your favorites memories of   1YearOfDangerousWomanTour ?
These information are impo ant
Breakingnews : 25  ISIS militants killed in drone strike in  Achin district of  Nangarhar  Afghanistan
heres your  Turkish forces and what they do, who wouldn't attack them not that the YPG h…   
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes  
Lessons that  life teaches you at the darkest hours  
Israel is giving  African  migrants, nearly all from  Eritrea &amp;  Sudan, 60 days to  leave, $3500 &amp; a  plane…   
Swimming for at least 15 minutes reduces hea  attack risk by over 60%
Kid Gets 1 Punched ↺ ❤️️    YOUGOTKNOCKEDTHEFUCKOUT  FUNNY  WINDOWSNOISE  windowsshutdown…  

we will see what salah al - salam ( whatever way round his name is )  ge…  
Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD —   World News  
WE DID IT PHILLY!  SB CHAMPS BABYYY !   enjoy this! team deserved it this city deserves it! I almost had a he…  
The truth is incontrove ible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is....   
Omar Mateen and ISIS: What We Know So Far - The Takeaway - WNYC  
Po raying Islam as an existential political ideological…  
Concealed Permit Holder Pulls Gun, Stops Attack on Police Officer 
Dozens killed, scores wounded in civilian areas 
Wired for  War: The  Robotics Revolution —    InfoSec  Cybersecurity  InternetOfThings  AI  BigData  Mach…
and y’all raised $50k for a child that was being “bullied” ...  this society continues to amaze me  
We need to sta  to protect ourselfes and our women with brute vigilante force. This s the language they anderstand…  
WONWOO’S LAST LINE GIVES ME A HEA  ATTACK! 😭💖
A Free Iran: Maryam Rajavi’s 10-point-plan   via IranProtests  Iran
It does.not seem normal to me Every day that Congress has not had the balls to take steps against him to Ce…
US admits there is no evidence of the  ChemicalWeapons usage by  Syria/n forces
🇫🇷  FRANCE Islamologist  TariqRamadan charged with RAPE
February 5,  KashmirSolidarityDay  KashmirDay  KashmirNeedsFreedom from oppression...   
Oil Minister Zanganeh:   I dare not name the projects that are near to being agreed. If I do so, from tomorrow there will… 
Barking stabbing: Teenager, 19, knifed to death in attack on Abbey Road   :Auto pickup by wikyou 
Erdogan out of NATO and before ICC Cou .
Afghanistan  terrorism  carbomb
Paris attack suspect refuses to answer questions in Belgian cou ; Brussels trial to examine shootout which led to…  
✒
Our Action Will Speak For Itself, Says Army Vice-Chief on LoC Attack 
May they all rest in peace &amp; may their murderers go to hell!  Syria  Syrien  Kafranbel  Idlib  
Child Brides Documentary  
See the highly-rated eBook   Attack on Titan, Vol. 4   by Hajime Isayama 
Plainclothes officers gather to arrest head of Gonabadi Dervishes; crowd gathers to prevent detention
He only got 5 and a half years.  
Canada: Two Muslim former University of Manitoba students wanted for jihad terror activities  
Message of  atena_daemi on an audio clip sent out from Qarchak Prison.
Channel NewsAsia  Iran says US jailing of consultant pa  of   psychological warfare   Channel NewsAsia LONDON: The U…   
Back when we got the ball from defense to attack quickly  
NAF Remotely Eliminates Terrorists inside Armored Tank  
“They say now that they will call us back. I have no house – it was burned down,” says Islam. “Who will pay me for my house an… 
Attack of any kinds is unfair. Attack of a person who haven’t been to the initiation school, d…   
I got a major hea  attack at first- gosh I'm glad everything's okay ahdljwldh 😭❤  GetWellSoonNamjoon
FULANI HERDSMEN ATTACK VILLAGES IN TARABA AS RESIDENTS RUNS FOR SAFETY.
But you have been constantly telling us it’s a hellhole just so you can publicly attack Trum…  
I've always said they need to reclassify islam from a religion and classify it as an organization, Terrorist…   
Web Traffic generator, REAL traffic to your website!    tool…   
So you could say he was a suicide bomber  
Reuters Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat    Iraq
14. Nine hours later, a 2nd car rammed into pedestrians in the seaside town of Cambrils. Both the Las Ramblas and the Camb… 
Surprisingly got flagged on  GitHub while creating “gists” from own DAICO sma  contract code for today’s post on M…  
You EARN respect you bearded twat!! Now sod off to a country who embraces your bullshit  cunt  
Sudden gloomy attack
Westworld Season 2 Is Shaping Up For A Brutal  War  
13. According to the phone logs, police called the driver of 1 of the vans at 3 pm on the day of the attack. At that point… 
And he now thinks I'm a leaver, DESPITE the  FBPE AND despite my bio AND despite me explic…   WIY3 
PLO, like Fatah, HAMAS, Hizballah, Islam itself, is dedicated to destruction of Israel - why doesn’t Greenblatt understand… 
1/ Many working class live in areas with issues around Islam…  
What clearer example do you need to illustrate that Linda Sarsour doe…  
It was not a war... If Pakistan didn't enter in others war, thousands of Pakistan won't died.... Even Army said rec…   
Thanks your suppo s to Iranian protesters against oppression, corruption iran 
Are more accepting. And only ISIS throws Gays off buildings which we hate (2). Now stop being a troll
15. The burning question for me is to what extent was ISIS involved? Were the attackers receiving cybercoaching from opera…
. Iran &amp; the hijab: “The government wants to show that any crackdown against the veil is illegal &amp; not democratic.…  
As for “Sanghis” we were here when mother of your prophet…  
i smell bs  
Who says I don't empathize? Did I attack her? Did I tag her? 🙄
Join us on  5thFebruary at  Lahore  MochiGateJalsa to show the solidarity with  Kashmir &amp; to share the  Pakistan's mess…
Do Omega-3 Supplements Really Cut Hea  Attack Risk?  
But don't waste my time with this ridiculous notion that women are completely helpless. We are not.
Thank you for heroes. Bless you and all the rescape you saved  
I guess they need the help to protect Philly?  
17. We also learn that the group bought pillowcases to store the TATP. (I confess, I don't fully understand why - but appa… 
Desperate stuff. We have a leader of the Labour pa y who's spent his entire career rubbing shoulders w…  
Swimming for at least 15 minutes reduces hea  attack risk by over 60%
i mean i'm literally having an anxiety attack rn and i literally couldn't even tell you why i feel happy
18. Those details show allegiance to ISIS - which we already knew. But is there evidence of actual contact? The repo  (sa…
Maryam Rajavi’s 10-Point-Plan for a Free Iran IranProtests  Iran
'Suffragettes were inspirational - not terrorists' - Sky News    
Targeting the poorest:  Israel demolishes  EU-funded classrooms for  Bedouin children in  Palestine  
TRIPLE ATTACK FROM 95 LINE??????
Update:  UN  UNGA  UNSC  OPCW  Amnesty  HRW  Avaaz Is bombing civilians with  Chlorine allowed?
6308 becomes ISIS is working with nobody to ove hrow capitalism if we account for the missing zero?
Daesh  Attack shows intersection of crime,  Terror - 
Our Action Will Speak For Itself, Says Army Vice-Chief on LoC Attack   
Beautician feared jealous estranged husband would launch acid attack over ‘tanned gym lover’ during stalking campaign http…
bashful brittany sex shaving pubic area in islam of the buttoks  
I was maimed and disabled by a bottlenose dolphin attack.    Tweet4Taiji  ShutTaijiDown  tweet4dolphins  opkillingbay
I was born &amp; raised under a U.S.-backed Saudi-funded Islamist military dictator who was installed to fight off socialism's g…
19. In addition to the repeated trips to Paris - including one just before the attack where members of the cell stayed 6 k…
Has Canada a Traitor in our Midst ?
Turkish army is a member of  , and Turkish soldiers behead of the Kurds. Delist Turkish army from NATO! Share this b… 
Hate crimes actively going on DAILY in Canada inside the mosques.
We Planned To Attack Ondo - Arrested Boko Haram Suspect   via    
Today PM  Pakistan Abbasi Addresing AJK Assembly and  Kashmir Council said the entire Pakistani nation stnd by the…  
BDS Boycott  apa heid  Israel Free  Palestine  
Those penalties were a joke but you can’t deny we invited Spurs to attack. It you set up to defend only one thing i…  
France steps up rape inquiry of  Muslim scholar  Ramadan    SCANDAL via  
Exposing  IsraeWarcrimes is not enough.  Please use the  hashtag  IsraelWarcrimes   to catalogue all  Israel's…  
Non of them are freedom fighters. They all are terrorists…  
Traveltip: Snap a shot of the best view in Doha at the Museum of Islamic A ! From here, you can see across the bay to the ico… 
Abu Imran lost his leg and his brother during the years of intense fighting in rural Damascus,  Syria. 
ownsend7: Goat got your Qur'an?  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
Looking forward to the first 2018 trip to Saudi Arabia  SaudiArabia  ProjectFinance  VentureCapital  PrivateEquity  innovation  Technology
Benghazi attacked in 2014 by hefter, under the pretext of fighting terrorism. Daily assassinations of Libyans, not…   
Turkey’s Constitutional Cou  rejects release demand journalists of  Alpay and  Altan
woman secretly executed on January 30 in the prison of Noshahr, no hern  Iran, has been identified as Mahboubeh M…   
Treasury Sanctions 6 People, 7 Cos. Over Terrorism Ties 
21. Other cell members made unexplained trips to Zurich. Could one of those trips have been for the purpose of connecting…
Today PM  Pakistan Abbasi Addresing AJK Assembly and  Kashmir Council said the entire Pakistani nation stnd by the Kashmir…
Israeli Ufo  Footage ↺ ❤️️    israel  ufo
News for ai ravellers. US is now supplying jihadi terrorists with anti-aircraft missiles.  
This is your so called secularism, now no 'not in my name', no 'award wa…   
ISIS and Taliban?
FSA News
Charming: Israeli lawmaker tells BBC he’d put Ahed Tamimi ‘in the hospital’ by kicking her face.  Israel youngest K…  
FreeSpeech &amp;  FreePress are cornerstones of  democracy.
The Fighters of Lashkar-e-Taiba: Recruitment, Training, Deployment and Death | Combating Terrorism Center at Wes...   
Ask some mulla . I don’t agree with such Islamic biases  . By the way aren’t yo…
Lone surviving Paris terror attack suspect goes on trial in Brussels    
Nah he cant be tricked
181 Abused Child Aisha  
Because
23. One last tantalizing detail: 3 months before the attack, US intelligence sent authorities in Spain a warning, stating… 
So, a dude can't control himself looking at sexy girls, decided to attack a modestly dressed girl to release his de…   
The problem of unemployment will eventually be resolved by ove hrowing  Iran regime.  IranianProtests…  
Iraqi government spokesman confirms to AP that drawdown of US forces from Iraq has sta ed following victory over I…  
USAF axes planned light attack combat demo    Defense
A spokesman for the Iraqi government confirms the sta  of the withdrawal of pa  of the US forces from Iraq after…  
Uttar Pradesh Miscreants attack man outside his residence:   via  
More Islamic State jihadis now in UK than Britons in Syria fighting the Islamic State  
Israel is the only country in worldwide that entered 21st century w net gain in number of trees.
Many should be going to jail!!!  
'White House ID’s 15 Muslim Terrorists Who Entered U.S. via Chain Migra' via    
The Pope will be welcoming ISIS's Al-Bagdahdi in Rome next!
Javedbhai believes in Intercaste Marriage in accordance with Sharia Law
Nearly 6,000 conve ed to Islam in Kerala in 5 years: Repo  - Times of India 
@ _com We reiterate our position that  SyrianArmy must take control of the whole of  Syria otherwise safe heavens…  
AP: BREAKING: Iraqi government spokesman confirms to AP that drawdown of US forces from Iraq has sta ed following…  
Italy - A copy of  MeinKampf, a flag with the Celtic cross and other far-right publications seized by the police from Luca… 
Looking forward to the first 2018 trip to Saudi Arabia  SaudiArabia  ProjectFinance  VentureCapital  PrivateEquity  innovat…
yet the bbc keep protecting child rapist like they did with jimmy saville and the many many islamic men…  
Giving in to the terrorists. Shame on you for not upholding democracy
Iran says US jailing of consultant pa  of   psychological warfare   - Channel NewsAsia: Channel NewsAsia 
We can ease the scale of human suffering in  SouthSudan by ending the  war now.  Peace  IGAD  HLRF  SaveTheLastTrain  
What do you and Sadiq Khan have in common? You both suppo  terrorism in the UK. Labour ha…  
Iran urges Turkey to stop its attack on Afrin  
Turkish officials warn that if US troops do not stop cooperation with terrorists in the Minbij areas and eastern pr…  
…  
:  ICRC
Uganda to publish  Islamic  Banking rules soon -central  Bank:   
pros complaining about one tricks in overwatch is really funny to me. a game that boasts being accessible to all an…   9sga4
ijnheeroma: Nearly 950 terrorists ‘neutralized’ in  AfrinOp - Turkish military  
I think they may be Cawdor attack rats (no joke)
Terrorists  attacked a camp of our great army this morning. More than a  dozen  deaths on the FAMA side. May their souls…
Why hadn't they been issued the correct passes beforehand? Security doing a tough job, especially…   
Anonymous or not - is a DNS root server attack really possible? |    
Military co-op ‘remains a priority’ for  Pakistan,  Azerbaijan – envoy   
You have no group   You are single after deceiving people’s in the name of Islam
Turkey's  AfrinOperation
Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD  
To your Attn    …
s Babarism is chopping off people's heads simply based upon their choice of rel…  
Reminder that, even while  Russia &amp;  Assad slaughter them from the air,  Idlib's civilians routinely find time to protest… 
New UK data protection rules are a cynical attack on immigrants | Claude Moraes    
The video clearly shows the hooded guy went in for a punch and the girl herself also tried to attack the man in white, ho… 
Text of the final statement of the  SyrianCongress. Very general. Much of the devil will be in the detail.  
King Abdullah of Jordan: “Maybe there’s a lack of understanding of Islam” in Washington  
Don't like him already. He lied about the definition of jihad.
Out to DESTROY Europe!!  
Iran Regime’s Military Official Admits to Leading Role of the Mek / Pmoi in Recent Uprisings…  
A far-right extremist suspected of shooting six Africans in a racially motivated attack in Italy was “lucid and det…  
NEW REPO : Hundreds of thousands of Syrians risk being pushed to return to  Syria in 2018 despite ongoing violence, warn aid a… 
Yeah a repo  about your son using your position to fu her his own business which is wrong is being spun as an attack on…
Its true what people said. Dekat overseas, u can see and practise Islam, much more than being surrounded by Muslim…   
New post (Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD) has been publ…  
Iran Let him go back to his Family, His life is more valuable than your interests. 
If Jurgen Klopp had been Eve on manager this season he'd be dead by now of a hea  attack.  That man will piss and…  
molestation and human rights violations b…  
digitalshielduk : From Robot Design Automation to Life Design Automation for Immo ality &amp; Singularity -…  
Lake Tahoe in Carinthia
Super Bowl security at an all-time high over fears of ISIS drone attack on US Bank Stadium in Minneapolis -  
buíochas le   agus   as ucht a chuid chunaimh. From evading Isis to saving lives, no day is ordinar…   
Harry Styles Calls 14-Year-Old Fan Injured In Manchester Terror Attack | iHea Radio  
_nimmo: And yet left unmentioned is the fact the US has polluted  Syria and  Iraq with tons of depleted uranium, causing health iss… 
Whitmer coach Bill Syroka recovering after hea  attack    
Putin succeeds in killing those he described as terrorists and in destroying their homes.
Do we have to follow the likes of Trump so unashamedly? What happened to integrity, serving the people, appreciatio…   
It’s an RNC campaign slogan and the Hatch Act says it can’t be sent from official Twitter accounts.  Do you or your staff also…
Join us on  5thFebruary at  Lahore  MochiGateJalsa to show the solidarity with  Kashmir &amp; to share the  Pakistan's messag…
qatar is violating the human rights every day, and still the world's watching! 
Milestone in preventing  nuclear terrorism: Dutch nuclear reactor stops using highly enriched uranium for production of medic…
No no, that's a scene from Paddington 2: Attack of the Furry Mascots 
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after Islamic State defeat: MOSUL, Iraq (Reuters) - The Iraqis who have come home to… 
Women In Terrorism | Researchomatic  
Paris attacks suspect goes on trial in Brussels: BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving suspect in the 2015 Islamic State attacks on…
Four other civilians were killed in regime bombing on Maaret al Numan and Maasarin.  Idlib  Syria (afp)
Andy would just keep yelling incoherently about terrorism or whatever and acid in the fac…  
God bless Major Philipov. May he rest in peace. 🙏✝
Bloody asshole, You people think that you can disgrace to Pakistan by posting unjust tweets. Babe  World k…   
So what? the BBC has just tried to defl…  
I added a video to a   playlist   শুনার মত গজল | Bangla Islamic Song 2018 | Bangla
Gee...so hard to see why the people in  Iran are demanding a  RegimeChange . I mean, it seems so lovely to live under… 
These people are easily distracted.. There is a plethora of things they forget about they need others o…  
German government deeply concerned over repo s of the use of chemical weapons by the Assad regime in  Syria -- but…  
Hey, Mark...let us know how the ISIS fighters returning home turns out...if Trudeau…   
Pilot of downed  Su-25 in  Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD    
👏👏👏👏👍👍President Trump - what a guy! 😊😊  
Imam performs Islamic 'exorcism' to 'cast out evil' from woman   via  
Canada: Two Muslim former University of Manitoba students wanted for jihad terror activities  
Now Playing on  radioparadise: Massive Attack - Teardrop  
what kind of attack is this nctsus
LAHORE ATTACK...felt bad....stay strong..  LONG  LIVE  PAKISTAN
So I decided to watch Sadako alone and then I realized, I don't wanna die soon coz of hea  attack so I turned my laptop off 😝 
no karnataka must declare internal pa  of organisation of islamic nations their state  not uno the straight fight…  
Hope those who oppose  Maduro in  Venezuela know better than to rely on  WhiteSupremacist empire bc they will perma…  
The anti-Jihadist Revolt in Syria | Brookings Institution  
Mikey has never come anywhere close to appear'n this passionately entranced by be'n in physica…
S101A:   So tired of this Western propaganda narrative blaming Assad for chemical weapons attacks in order to promo…
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq's Mosul long after  IslamicState defeat  
Gangster Islam: A worrying hybrid culture Europe fails to recognise  
She thinks that thats the same fox that yesterday told her to not go get blood from her victims or…  
Fuc* off beardy do your ranting in your Mosque and make sure the door is shut so we don't have to listen to your no…  
I liked a   video   Bobby Fischer vs Oscar Panno: King's Indian Attack | 1970
Khaama 25 ISIS militants killed in the latest airstrikes in Nangarhar    Afghanistan
Jamahiri Black Marl 1986 x 2011 Satin Bomber Jacket Order At:  
Has Islam been misunderstood for 1500 years as it has butchered and raped its way across the world.
Syria  Idlib  Aleppo  SouthernAleppo Last time  Turkey  Turkish  TAF Turkish Armed Forces Convoy tried to reach Eis Ar…
NEW REPO : Hundreds of thousands of Syrians risk being pushed to return to  Syria in 2018 despite ongoing violence, war… 
Highlights of Modi’s Tenure.
Barack Obama Needs to be Prosecuted for Treason, Sedition and Espionage‼️ 
Music on Sophisticated Ape Radio September in the Rain by Doug Munro and La Pompe Attack  Rock  Blues  Jazz  Weird…  
The MCB responds to the Darren Osborne terrorism verdict: it's time to take  Islamophobia seriously  
Senior Shia cleric Sheikh Zakzaky, the leader of Islamic Movement in Nigeria gives journalists an interview for first time sin… 
250 Turkish women have applied to take pa  in the Turkish Army against western backed terrorist  ypg  pkk  sdf!  afri…
Benue: Policeman Killed, Force Begins Counter-Terrorism Operations: The…    Hisprideblog 
Uganda to publish  Islamic  Banking rules soon -central  Bank:   
Boko Haram: One killed, another injured in Borno fresh attack 
Reason behind  AnkitSaxena's murder?  
BREAKING: Iraqi government spokesman confirms
Pove y, Education, Cheating, Relationships, Fooling by miracles, Abuse, Terrorism, Political/Socia…   
Ex-SNL Star Victoria Jackson: Our President Is 'Islamic Jihadist!'  
Every attack on the rule of law (on judges, on human right's lawyers), is an attack on you and I. Because these law…   
Kids don't deserve this  stopkillingchildren  Syria
Pilot of downed  Su-25 in  Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD    
…
Listen to  HareemFarooq's interview with BBC Asian Network where she talks about the success of  Parchi and the Pak…  
Unbelievable cover of   ’s Teardrop by   . What a combo.  
Enough is enough. There’s no chance for peace in  Syria until the  Assad regime goes!  GhoutaChemical  
YOU GUYS GOT ME HEA  ATTACK OMG
Then link it to what? They should have beheaded their daughter if it was him honour killing, they should’ve boycott…   
If you think most of us are just dealing with just the Monday blues, think again.   
Those so called activists are as bad as an SJW. They are playing the victim when it is usually the…  
Paris suspect Abdeslam: 'I am not afraid of you, I put my trust in Allah' 
--&gt; soon  
Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD  
A spokesman for the Iraqi government confirms the sta  of the withdrawal of pa  of the US forces from Iraq after…  
He also said he would defeat ISIS in 30 days and Mexico will never pay for the wall.  
Image of remnants of long range missile fired by  RussianForces on  KhanAlSebel village in  Idlib, causing a massacre, Feb 3  Syr… 
DEAR TWITER \BOTS AND INCOMPETANT FOOLS, I HAVE SENT A LETTER TO YOUR   NOBLE CEO TO STOP HINDERING THE NECESSARY W…   
Please Try one point solution for the Freedom of Kashmir..
🆘 Gaza is a humanitarian disaster &amp; on the brink of collapse!🆘The International Community knows this but does nothing to int…
Kremlin Deeply Worried That Terrorists Have MANPADS After Su-25 Downing in  Syria:   
Music on Sophisticated Ape Radio September in the Rain by Doug Munro and La Pompe Attack  Rock  Blues  Jazz  Weird  World htt…
Why focus on election collusion when 2 Treasons Trump committed is fact. Trump told Russia befo…  
Israel wasnt made until 1948 so know your history. And secondly they didnt reject, they are being massacred as we s…   
🎉🇨🇦🆓  Trudeau Approval WAY Down - 60% in 2015 to 37% TODAY!
In  Saraqeb now, at least 9 casualties suffocated, three of them are a White Helmets volunteers due to a chlorine attack… 
…
India trained more then four hundred terrorist to attack C-Pak |  KashmirSolidarityDay | Kashmiris:   via
What's really disturbing is...
Yes of course. 😀 These are very mild thugs. Reducing the stock of these terrorists in the interes…  
sexy dominatrix costumes islamic sex position picture  
NEWS Only Surviving Paris Attack Suspect Goes on Trial: The only surviving member of the…  
Attack the week!!! Don’t let others make you have a bad day!!
Here are some photos from our 'Taste of Scottish Islam' food event, which took place 2 wks ago in  Edinburgh. What…   
‘Please keep kids safe from guns’: How Trump replied to a 7-year-old’s anguished letter - The Washington Post
A baby found alive last night from under the rubble after warplanes bombed his home in  Idlib.  Syria  
Naoki: After you
So how to tory trolls who try to equate negotiations with terrorism when it comes to peacemaker Jeremy Corbyn…
Very honored in this week’s  MyJourneytoArabic stories to interview Sir Harold   Hooky   Walker, British Former Ambassador to… 
Using AI to Fight Crime: The Terrorism, Trafficking And Money Laundering Links 
More Islamic State jihadis now in UK than Britons in Syria fighting the Islamic State  
SSB ma h was really an attack on me as a kid smh
Kashmiris demand the presence of International Observers in Kashmir to witness the reality of Indian propaganda and blatant u…
viva the queen of hope &amp;freedom in Iran
My first impression of this photo was that 'terrorists' in black balaclava face masks are breaking Salah Abdeslam o…  
This are all the secret squirrel members of the FB group organising the targetted harassment and blacklisting of La…  
Close Counter in A
No amount of training in the Islamic tradition can serve as a substitute to that.
Lol! They'll be back. There is no   victory   over isis. Just an intercontinental game of whack a mole. 
Look at the total BS that HAMAS (CAIR) is putting out.
The latest Breaking!   Thanks to    islam  egypt
Now this is the best time for the whole world to take notice of corruption of Pakistani rulers as their corruption…  
Hero Russian pilot yells 'This is for our guys' and blows himself up to avoid ISIS capture THE NEWS - GROUP OF WORL…  
Police investigating 'serious' sex attack in Dundee park
Pakistan Web Hacked
Events Leading to the War on Terrorism timeline | Timetoast timelines  
sis steal his money  
Join The Cause for Pakistan Medical Centre.
…
The Syrian Civil Defence, also known as the White Helmets, say nine people were injured in a suspected chlorine gas…   
Is it true that China is planning to attack India? Media repo s in India indicates that China is preparing for war…  
ISIS leader’s real Name is Simon Elliot a Jewish born Citizen  
New issue of   Development and  Cooperation out now, focusing on   military and political power  . 
Israel Prison Officials Warn Ahead of Mass Depo ations Of Africans In Israel:   No Room to Jail Asylum Seekers  !!! 
That went well the last time.  
URGENT:  Iraq confirms US sta ed drawdown after declaring victory over  Daesh    
IdahoHoneyPot: Shields UP!!  Telnet incoming Telnet attack from 139.101.123.182   r6WTPT
No obstacle to enforcing order:  Maldives Supreme Cou HappeningNow  BreakingNews  Breaking  Top…
Dutton is on the attack. Stand in solidarity with multicultural Australia - sign the petition!   via  
Islamic London:   Run, Hide, Tell   - Gatestone Institute   
Father of Three Victims Lurches at Larry Nassar During Sentencing in Attempt to Attack Him
2015 Paris attack suspect Salah Abdeslam stands trial in Brussels:
Fierce Russian and SAA bombardment ongoing. Remains of a Tochka missile in Maaret Numan, repo edly fired from Hama…   
my neck, my back, my anxiety attack 
Canada: Two Muslim former University of Manitoba students wanted for jihad terror activities  
Special Operation Forces team Of  Saudi  Navy reached  Karachi to pa icipate in joint Exercise with  Pakistan  SSG Navy  …
We Planned To Attack Ondo - Arrested Boko Haram Suspect   via    
One police officer killed, another missing after an attack by armed militia in Benue state 
sho ermovies
God bless Major Philipov. May he rest in peace. 🙏✝
Church van driver suffers hea  attack, swerves into cars | New York ... - New York Post    Cars  CarNews 
Macron condemns attack on Jewish child in Paris suburb  
💟 Who's That Girl - From 'Attack of the 50 Foot Cheerleader?' (31 HQ Photos)
MEHWAR:  Pakistan Shelling On  Kunar Discussed
Here are some photos from our 'Taste of Scottish Islam' food event, which took place 2 wks ago in  Edinburgh. What a f… 
Sec. Tillerson, nothing will dislodge Maduro and his military mafia from power, except for a Panama mili…   
Kenya: Muslim students stab, beat Christian students for refusing to conve  to Islam   
A Muslim woman covers the yellow star of her Jewish neighbour with her veil to protect her, Sarajevo, 1941 ..…   
Iran is using phishing attacks to out dissidents, opening the risk of a protracted phishing attack against global bystanders… 
Why we always play in a defensive mode .First they attack then we retaliate why it's not the other way around.Why w…  
URGENT:  Iraq confirms US sta ed drawdown after declaring victory over  Daesh    
Jadu sir you claim to be an atheist, what causes pain in you…   
HERBAL NATURAL CURE: PARALYSIS &amp; HEA  ATTACK(HOME REMEDY)  
Terrorists &amp; extremists read information online which leads them to commit violent a…  
This is amazing 👏🏽  
More Islamic State jihadis now in UK than Britons in Syria fighting the Islamic State 
You're right, once China's One Road, One Belt is achieved, y…   
Those watching CNN have serious delusions about the meaning of the words truth, credibility and love of their country. 
The Cost of Illegal Immigration    Islam  TCOT
I shot the pharaoh!
4FreedominIran
Gostei de um vídeo the Little Bus &amp; Lightning McQueen | Crocodile attack Car 3 | Toys For Kids
Breaking: Sheikh Qaseem Umar killed by  
Teacher showed pupils  Isis videos in class 'to give better view' of extremists - Feb 5 @ 12:55 PM ET   
The feeling I’m experiencing is like a hea  attack but instead it’s really just a bunch of guilt and other emotion…  
I need to find me a buff ting who’s obsessed with me the way ex Muslims are obsessed with Muslims and islam😭😭  
Ask   to sincerely tell U the source of his Dubai's mansion, he will tell U its the fund send by Saudi to kill Za… 
why is this a moral dilemma? these folks do not risk persecution in their home countries unless they can unambiguou…  
CTA President Condoles Britain over Manchester Terrorist Attack | Central Tibetan Administration  
Senior US General assured Islamabad that USA not planning military ops inside Pakistan. Despite differences Pakistan rema…
Naseer Turabi ‘s famous Ghazal- “Woh hamasafar tha” - which was written in 1971 on the fall of Dhaka. Must hear for a new ge…
A CNN employee found sensitive Depa ment of Homeland Security repo s about protecting the Super Bowl from terrorism in the seat-…
Both were teachers and both were married with children. Between the two of them, ten small children are now fatherless. May t… 
Russia is bombing  Syria's  Babies in  Hospital.
The regime of Bashar al-Assad is bombing the eastern Ghouta with chemical weapons this morning.
BBC contact Hassan Zaki near  AlEiss:
JIMIN DAY Adorable 💜❤️  ThankYouJimin  iHea Awards  BestFanArmy  BTSARMY  iHea Awards  BestBoyBand  BTS…  
Jimin stans watch out for a hea  attack! .. Jimin fli ing with fans 😏🚨
When you libel James Clapper and John Brennan you libel America. The desperate attack on men who have given over 90 years of…
As Afrin continues and Geneva remains a vision far off in the distance:  
We will not stand for an exploitation of the blood of innocence in Syria... These accusations are false accusations. Syri… 
Good tweet. Also, good attack. Not on me though. 
It's a hint that this weapon is available for Taliban if they want they can come and get it. Said…  
Before that I was in the Army and I got to kill Muslims for fun. I’m not sure which is better: watching niggers and spics… 
Seems to me Assad is using Russia to destroy his opposition under the guise of fighting ISIS. Trump knows…  
Press Release:
A Facebook page by the name of “Hindutva Va a” posted a list of 102 couples – Hindu girls in relationships with Muslim bo… 
Hang him. The only good Nazi is a dead one.  
Theresa May slapped down by stats watchdog over her favourite NHS attack line  
This is what police found in the flat of a neo-nazi who was today convicted for preparing acts of terrorism  
School called me today and told me my exam is tomorrow. I almost caught a hea  attack. But then they switched it to Saturday
Israeli policy of suppressing demonstrations in  Gaza with live fire:
The never ending story of pain and suffering  Syria  
The Reason Why Nobody Can Stop Kashmir Frm Becoming An Integral Pa  of  Pakistan 4Eva.. This Video will Shake The Whol…
New German anti- rape pants: The Picture on the left is Germany’s answer to women not getting raped. The picture on th…
0075: The  terrorists are us. If we don't  protest this. If we don't  fight this. If we don't  end this. We  deserve this.
1) Dozens of Muslims have played in the NFL
Create UNIQUE a icles in ANY topic for  blog  seo    tools  OnlineJobs | SEO Software | Why…  
Whilst   sits on his throne, runs the local bank and kicks back with Jihadist Warlord Erdogan; Christians in Roja… 
1. The British meat industry did have a secret meating with anti terror police at Stone Leigh.
WATCH: Shocking aftermath of  Mosul liberation captured on extremely graphic video    Iraq  Daesh htt…
Tommy and the Imams have only one thing in common, they both quote directly from the Kora…   
Oh, right, Ryan ALSO thwa ed Islamic terrorists who wanted to blow up a di y bomb in a nuclear waste facility, th…   
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda…  
Paris terror suspect tells cou : 'I am not afraid of you'
Black Lives Matter and Antifa are the American Al Qaeda - terrorists who hate our nation.
Warning, graphic video. 
Iran’s stat TV &amp; media claim Masih Alinejad is a drug addict &amp; alcoholic so that is why she toke off her hijab.I am read…
Surgical strikes remains the highlight of Prime Minister Modi's tenure. Enough for me to suppo  him again and again.
No! Nothing prevails over Islam.  
hajib Barbie is probably one of the worst things that you've ever done and the reason that my grandchil…
Kuwait Youth Min. pa icipates in Al-Quds Islamic Capital '18 launch    
YPG ATGM target and destroy a military vehicle belonging to the invading Turk army/their jihadist mercenaries.  Afrin…
obama had to have hillary elected because it would cover up his crimes against this country and the world. Giving $billi…
Not suprising. Its GEO after all.  
Becoming a Muslim😀💣🔥who wants this islamic pussy  
Muslim Messiah   Kejriwal with his touts like   and   is now going after lawyer   who lead… 
New post: US Pulling Troops from Iraq After Crushing ISIS  
Gombe state I think.  It was during Islamic Religious studies exam.  Said student was cheating and she threw his bag out.  A…
This man has done more for the service of Islam during the past month than most people can do during their lifetime. htt…
Please   to warn the world.    
Wrong. Every anti islam suppo s these women you're talking about in their fight.
The press release has this to say about the nine high-profile prisoners:   Given the serious nature of charges – which in… 
My life is over. I had a new cocaine-dealing project, but who will want to be my associate now?” he said. 
'The level of disregard by the Islamic State was pure nihilism' -  Daesh has left behind a toxic legacy across areas they co…
Burn in hell, jihadist bastards!   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Thank you posting this info.
India Govt. should immediately organize a FAKE NEWS AWARD for Indian Presstitutes(News Media) to safe SCANDAL IM/SI…  
Shibir Central President Yasin Arafath said, the message of Islam should be disseminated to every student with pati…   
Why  Iranian  Women Are Taking Off Their  HeadScarves
Can't wait til ALL the WORLD finds out you were &amp; are arming terrorists, running weapons and drugs, at…   
Pleased to meet in  Baghdad H.E. Bruno Pasquino, Ambassador of  Italy to  Iraq, to discuss cooperation and pa ners…   
Sir/Madam, Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/ISIS Dr. Kanc…   
Met this guy on our way to Duba, KSA. 
John Brennan was the White House chief terrorism advisor and James Clapper was Director of National Intelligence when the…
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
The success of initial  PPP projects in  Sindh and  Punjab have paved way for expanding the scope and the coverage of such c…
History of immigration: immigrants as workers --&gt; criminals --&gt; terrorists. Our history and system is based on race…  
Iranian govt has released results of a nationwide survey admitting that almost half of the country's population rejects…
Were there any real men in Washington, one of them would take a horse whip and give  StephenMiller a lesson about humili… 
Hollywood director’s son, a conve  to Islam, stars in al-Qaeda propaganda video 
We are SO proud of our fantastic Airbase Makeup distributors in  Pakistan ! Congratulations to Qamar &amp; her highly q…  
D.emonCraps
.  in to deliver  Israel upgrades for F-35 Block 3F+   Confess I have not heard of 3F…
Watch: Jihadist Vehicle Blown to Hell By Fed-Up Female Militia    
YPG ATGM target and destroy a military vehicle belonging to the invading Turk army/their jihadist mercenaries.  Afrin ht…
The respect and admiration coming out of  Israel for this Nazi, this fascist, turns my stomach every time I hear it. Re… 
ANF repo s that over 150 civilians have been killed and 298 has been wounded in only 14 days in the city of  Afrin thanks…
This could’ve spelled big trouble if the docs had fallen into the wrong hands!
The Islamic Online University has been inspiring millions around the world!
for 3 weeks murdering kurds taking villages with EU NATO weapon all the saddam ex army founded by saddam eldest dau…  
It took only a year for Trump to clean up Obama’s mess in Iraq and Syria. This makes me wonder, did Obama want to keep the m… 
Warning | Graphic footage:
OfflineDroppedInBriefly!  YetAnotherInnocentRabbiBrutallyMurderedBy “BARBARIC-SAVAGE” Palestinian!  MahmoudAbbas…
Putin sent ISIS to Syria to kill the rebels fighting Assad.  He also financed the chemical weapons that…  
Whilst   sits on his throne, runs the local bank and kicks back with Jihadist Warlord Erdogan; Christians in Ro… 
Ethan Stables is just the latest in a growing number of far-right terrorists convicted in the UK for carrying out or p…
ISIS ‘far from finished’ as jihadi fighters regroup in Syria  
The Islamic nation keeps kidnapping, but does the Allah recommend a kidnapping? 
Super Bowl anti-terrorism documents left on plane    
So it tries to grow idea some one else not involved is a causer of terrorism but coorperates with the factuall terr…  
So pretty of my leader  
Just a reminder that, in this great nation, it's perfectly okay to gridlock a city to celebrate a spo s victory, but it's… 
Mukhtar A. Shaikh Memorial Hospital.
Maximum number of terrorists has been neutralised and eliminated in past three years:  
Yes the Far Right's whataboutery in this case and other white terrorists is a disgrace. In 2016 92%…
True. What I meant was more   I find this hilarious and they're pussies for deleting it.…   
AUTOMATED website traffic generator    adsense | Marketing ideas | St…  
The BEAUTY of Abu Bakr's relationship with Umar Ibn Khattab (May Allah be pleased with them both) was that they balance…
BREAKING: A Hero’s Death - Islamic Terrorists Shoot Down Russian Pilot in Syria Using MANPAD Missile
Strongly endorse   ji's view. The surgical strike was not just PM   ji's tough reply to sponsored terrori…
If that's been brain washed. Then my brain needs washing from the brain poi…  
FISA is a set up for monitory gain by deep state terrorists.  Is it true that there are only 11 FISA cou  judges t…  
ISIS has not been defeated. Impo ant coverage from   on the enduring insurgency, citing ISW assessments… 
What the Spanish and Hitler could not do by force, Islam is accomplishing by invitation.   
And Islam is a religion of peace it's just some people tainting it yen yen yen a word is enough for the wise.
Because Obama ordered him to do so  florida  Pennsylvania  ohio  Michigan  Indiana  Missouri  Wisconsin…  
So this means all Iraqis living in the US can go home, right? 
Super Bowl anti-terrorism documents left on plane...  
Now days , NIA doing huge raids in UP &amp; Bihar, and Many Terrorists, illegal Immigrants, Radicals, Terror Funding elements ar… 
Iranian Resistance Strongly Condemns the Brutal Attack Against Dervishes
“The Palestinian leadership must be held accountable for today’s horrific murder in Israel.  This terror attack is…  
move along folks nothing to see here, nothing to do with Islam remember....  120db 
wilderspvv   F.says:The Chinese wall was for protection for China,the Israeli West Bank…   
VICTORY! ISIS defeated by Trump   via   No more BEHEADINGS &amp; YES ONLY 1 COMMAN…  
Cause and effect in 2 pics!
The Chechens were ISIS.
Canadians Sean Moore &amp; Jolly Bimbachi released from jihadist area in  Syria today, latest twist in epic, cross-bord…   
Super Bowl anti-terrorism documents left on plane  
Holding these people hostage is a crime against humanity, simple as that. No different than holding chi… 
…
A CNN employee found sensitive Depa ment of Homeland Security repo s about protecting the Super Bowl from terrorism in the se…
... tonight if anyone from Barnet is free? You are welcome!  
Christians from Muslim countries hate slysly hate Islam more than Christians from Western countries
MemoDay More coming with the Inspector General's repo .
Islam Update: Did President Really Beat ISIS? Here Are the Facts    ISIS  Terrorism  Islam  Muslims
Context: The country's Supreme Cou  ove hrew a politically trumped up terrorism charge on key opposition leader and or…
Your co-senator from Illinois (Obama) was allowing a flood of unvetted people including terrorists i…  
Mueller: Combat Vietnam Vet, Fought against the Mafia, terrorists. 
This could’ve spelled big trouble if the docs had fallen into the wrong hands!
Salah Abdeslam, the sole surviving member of Isis cell that carried out the Paris attacks, refused to answer questions i… 
Good job  Israel 🇮🇱 for scoring  9th in the world Digital Diplomacy Atlas 2017 !! (MFAs)-   - Digital…
US begins reducing troops in  Iraq after victory over  ISIS -    
2/2
For Ms. Alinejad and the  Iranian protesters, the struggle against the compulsory  hijab is about regaining a woman’s con… 
I think there’s an idea amongst some individuals that if you ask people ni…  
Terrorists bombed two humanitarian aid distribution points in Damascus today, where 77 tons of food, medicine &amp; clothe… 
The Islamic practicing regime in Iran locked me in Evin prison at age 16 for 18 months for not following their Islamic rules…
newsmax: This could’ve spelled big trouble if the docs had fallen into the wrong hands!
He wasn't a victim of terrorism.  He was a victim of Israel's grotesque vanity and perverse desire for a purist   Je…   
The Impo ance of  Spirituality  By  YounusAlGohar Sufism  Kabbalah  Islam  Judaism…  
Super Bowl back on NFL Network! JihaD
ISIS Tries To Attack Libyan Oilfield    
President Trump's nominee to lead the UN International Organization for Migration has said Christians should get preferenti…
To be fair to them looking at what is happening in Europe no one with a brain wants any more Muslims here.…  
How could a Corbyn-led pa y full of bullying, spiteful, racist, pro-Islam anti-Semites…   
…  
The most incompetent admin EVER..  
China's repression of Uighurs extends beyond banning long beards &amp; Ramadan fasting, requiring Uighur shops to sell alcohol,… 
By aiding  Pakistan China is becoming pa  of Balochistan’s colonization.  China will lose the moral argument that what  …
Palestinian reconciliation has stalled,  Gaza’s humanitarian situation is deteriorating. Our video featuring  … 
Oppression &amp; arrest can't stop the journey of Islamic Movement- Shibir President    Shibir41Yrs  
: Islamic A  a ontwitter  islamica   
The GOP memo bombed so hard, ISIS claimed responsibility 
Wesay hoga ap say bhe kuch nahe.  Karachi &amp;  Mahajirs are intact with  Altafhussain the true leader of community…  
How we yearn for the days when Obama dropped leaflets instead of bombs on ISIS, said no one ever.   
y357:  
Super Bowl anti-terrorism documents left on plane -    LatestComments
Trump Official Leaves Sensitive Anti-Terrorism Documents On Commercial Flight  
Warning + 18
Pakistani media is bold enough to ask this very uncomfo able question of their own country. Contrast this with the Indian med…
With few honorable &amp; professional persons at the Sena Malancha (Occasion of the Wedding, Daughter of Syful Islam...   
…  
We need to ban Arabs from entering Somalia. They’re playing di y games since the 90s by using islam name. They’re spreading…
Here's a new word for the Liberal lexicon:   nonanswer  . Works in parliament and works at town halls. People see it and it… 
Powerful and strong Leadership Pakistan | Respect My Vote
stupid problematic bitches  
No one who is   anti-Islam   is pro-FGM. 
Actually, the world doesn't hate us- it just opposes an increasingly unsustainable, unjustifiable occupation. 
Terrorists attack Indian Army camp in Jammu and Kashmir's Pulwama

What a despicable man.  
Edward Said on the flawed presentation of Islamic societies in Western discourses &amp; in Huntington's 'The Clash of Civilisation…
Security given to Sonu Nigam , 2 BJP MLAs after Pakistan based  Muslim outfit named in threat advisory. 
In light of the  SalahAbdeslam trial, it's wo h revisiting this piece in   by   and pondering s… 
History of immigration: immigrants as workers --&gt; criminals --&gt; terrorists. Our history and system is based on race. And…
Our “ally” bombing those who joined us to fight ISIS. Now they warn US troops? Kick them out of  …
As always a clarification required. They are NOT a BBC employee. They   contribute   once every tw…   
he world owe it to  Biafra  as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecut…
Heavy Firing by  Pakistan army in  Pulwama  Kashmir
Lahore_Orange_Line_Metro_Train.
Construction sta s on egalitarian prayer section at Western Wall - The Jerusalem Post    Israel
Top French chef offers tips to gay Israelis rejected by families - i24NEWS    Israel
Poland could amend Holocaust bill, says minister - Business Day    Israel 
You don't live in No h America or Europe, you have NO idea of how desis and Muslim men are regarded here. At worst…   
‘He always dreamed of flying’: Hero Su-25 pilot remembered in Russia -- Major Roman Filipov, who was shot down by t…   

Poland could amend Holocaust bill, says minister - Business Day    Israel 
I liked a   video   Anti-Islam Demonstration In Germany
The motive of Stephen Paddick is still unknown. (but it's ce ainly not Christianity. Whe…  
“Islam” is not a religion!
Will the FISA wrongdoing investigation lead to exposing intentional Islamic infiltration of USA gov via collusion o…  
There is no movement nor power except by  God   is a core element in Islamic  Psychology. You do your best, then leave the rest to God. 
Iraq confirmed  US forces begin pulling out a large pa  of the 7400 officers &amp; soldiers from the country. A smaller number…
ISIS must be destroyed  
These extremists are a real scourge on our common ea h..
Trump Admin Reveals 15 Islamic Jihadis Who Got Visas by Lottery or Chain Migration  
…  
sMNF Yes. How much is a taxi from Alderly Edge to Islam?
Under Construction Hazara Motorway Havellian/ Abbottabad Interchange near Khota Qabar. 🐅🇵🇰
Talk it out: Does the threat of  Terrorism warrant canceling school trips to Washington DC? -…  
Danish pharmaceutical multinational   is launching an  innovation lab in  Israel.
…  
Iranian Canadians in  Toronto held rally to suppo   IranUprising   and  calling for  FreeAllProtesters  براندازم  IranP… 
Po  name sounds like Gaddar(gwadar),which Pakistan government is doing to their citizens a…   
oh look  
I have do some research yourself .... how many terror…  
ISIS Tries To Attack Libyan Oilfield    OilPrice  
The audacity... Darren Osborne, the man behind the Finsbury terrorist incident cited you as a motivator just a couple days… 
It already happened, hoodwinked by our own biases and powered by the Russian digital terrorists. This shoul…   
Tirich Mir of  Chitral Valley  Pakistan  BeautifulPakistan
This is an example of how not to conduct a meaningful, public debate. Those who question their religions don’t need your prompt… 
Hmm Prophet ﷺ said: A place in Paradise as small as a bow is better than all that on which the sun rises and sets (…  
The blood of innocents Biafrans are being spilled in Nigeria every day and UN, USA,EU, RUSSIA,CHINA and and the rest rest… 
Dear Pakistani suppo ers and their Sympathizers You will definitely taste the heaven. Just because of terrorism in kashmir…
Super Bowl national security docs left on plane; ‘less to do with terrorists knowing our  vulnerabilities and more…  
True Islam actually is a peaceful religion. It's just the extremists that is by ISIS and the other extr…   CyRF4
New post (rida name meaning in urdu) has been published on Urdu Islamic Video -    
How many pakistani learn Islamic studies.:   via  
This Islamic takeover is a must see!  video  BillWarnerPhD  WhyWeAreAfraid https:…
EU  IslamicTerrorism  Globalism=Communism  LeftistSedition
Erdogan’s  turkey 🇹🇷foreign policy  
SDF spox:   Since this invasion of Afrin by Turkey, ISIS is getting stronger in the south. The battle against ISIS in t… 
Minister of State for IB&amp;NH, Marriyum Aurangzeb welcomes Chinese cooperation in film production and infrastructure in Pakistan… 
And this embarrassment
Muslim savages plan to conquer America, form Caliphate, subjugate &amp; enslave kuffar Americans 
Regarding ISIS, Trump's Success Overlooked, David L. House II, M.P.A., Ed.D.   
via  
I stand with  Israel and pray for the peace of  Jerusalem, the eternal Jewish capital, from whence the Messiah shal…   
Unsurprisingly as we have seen in other cases such as January 2015  Paris attacks,  IslamicState &amp;  alQaeda gladly…   
Remember - Breitba  sees the spread of Islam as one side in a “global existentialist war.” The deleted “lil Muhammad   tweet… 
Is someone working on removing Jahalat from those found in the Islamic circles in Pakistan..? I would love to volunteer!
Please share in memory of a 29 year old father of 4, brutally murdered by a Palestinian jihadi terrorist today. May the… 
What else we can expect from a farzi JaneuDhari pa y!
Nation wants army to hit back after  Pakistan missile attack ma yrs captain, 3 jawans in  Rajouri , 
Afrin region is preparing to receive people of No h Syria to suppo  the resistance of Afrin against the invaders and…
Padmavat Vs  Bahubali
Turkey,  Pakistan eye more cooperation in health sector 
London's Khan &amp; Canada's Trudeau are a lot alike.
I think Trump would disagree with that statement.
Why  Pakistan used guided missiles on Line of Control in  Rajouri sector?  India will avenge ma yrdom of army captain…
John  Kerry’s Daughter Married  Iranian National; Best Man Was Son Of Iran’s Minister of Foreign Affairs  
Swedenstan »
Country Repo s on Terrorism 2014 Western Hemisphere Overview  
Refugee Admissions From Terrorist Hotbeds Fell 80 Percent in Trump's First Year  
ownsend7: The Real  WarOnWomen  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
Man suspected of  Terror-related activities in Kashmir arrested by UP ATS    
The men fighting Erdogan’s jihad want to enforce their beliefs on the residents of Afrin.  
This is a real conversation on  Padmavat
@ _com Breakng: Pope conve ed to Islam. 😛
My ISIS nickname is Alfredo because my 1st day in ISIS I spilled a bowl of spaghetti Alfredo on my pants and they won't l…
This is a call for  terrorism
cou  appearance won't b an issue..he will appear. But I doubt he will produce the complainant in cou .…  
A Russian vs a Canadian. A man known to be a dictator vs a man known to capitulate and gratuitously g…  
Parisattacks suspect Salah Abdeslam trial begins. Refuses to answer questions. “I defend myself by keeping silent.”
It is a matter of grave concern that Indian occupation forces are reso ing to state terrorism, war crimes and intensif… 
+18 - GRAPHIC: Another horrific action of Turkish army soldiers and allied radical Islamists abusing dead body of  YPG figh…

The   haters   are saying that she has written a conspiracy theory on the Nice attack and that she has… 
Trudeau answered a question about how he’s going to stop ISIS getting into Canada by spending 5 minutes talking about “di…
Lol.   Correlation  . Funny, the only new green flags in south Asia have been Islamic, not Pepe. 
I hate to ruin the pa y, but Erdogan and  's old Jihadist pals are attacking Yazidi in  Afrin as we speak… 
So what do muslims in  Britain think should be the way forward - as suggested by a local imam - that all else is inferi…
Turkey  Russia  Syria
Modern  contraceptive use in  Pakistan would be 19% higher in the absence of  sonpreference, according to new…   
So the actions of a few radicals and agitators represent the views…  
She is lying. We don’t blame her for that, not at all. But because of things she said, things that sugg… 
Called an alt-right killer, Elliot Rodger was actually a Young Turks fan. 
Suppo ers of the religious group, Jamaat-e-Islami, listen to their leaders during a rally to mark  KashmirSolidarityDay in  I… 
wakeupAmerica
US drawdown after Iraq declares victory over IS. But   continues international effo s against so called Islamic…
Pro- ISIS channels repo ing use of  drone strikes against regime targets in al-Saan district of  Hama, Syria.…   
I ask because you are clearly more interested in Islam than christianity.
Israel's counter-terrorism expe ise is in high demand. Latest example: Germany. via    
CENTCOM talks about shift in anti-ISIS coalition mission, refers to   our enduring presence as invited guests in Iraq.   
5 years under Obama and he tried his hardest to ignore ISIS - he didn't even take action.
According to info:Taraba state begins training of volunteer force against Fulani terrorists, to defend themselves and their… 
Turkey warns  Kurdish  YPG  KurdishYPG forces for  soldiers  deaths in  Syria
.  Now Openly Suppo s:
The stain can’t give them any more money  
So far there have been zero people killed as a result of Corbyn radicalising.
A top Islamic scholar saying that if established scientific facts and religion clash, then scientific facts should…   
Interesting.  
Newly Inaugurated Government Primary School KhanoKheil , PK-68 Dera Ismail Khan 
Weak  Obama Turned Putin into World's Most Powerful Leader  
Italy  LucaTraini  shootings of  foreigners &amp;  fascist salute
Jaichand, Ambhi.... you name it. Cretin who can't, rather won't say the truth. Who needs terrorist…   
The West MUST resettle Islamic immigrants. refugees and migrants back in their own countries or nearby countries…
Shanghai  China  car  truck  Vehicle plows into  pedestrians  firefighters
This is an extremely disingenuous line of argument. The government of Russia is not a segment of the US population…  
I’m glad at least they can predict the future. We taking over the world BISHES!!!!  islam  muslims…  
Congratulations Mr   for making india land of  fa…
Afghanistan is controlled by Taliban  suicide  bombing using  ambulance
BBC,THE song LYING EYES, rings a BELL, whatever U say, Don't tell the TRUTH about Islam,WHATEVER U do, 😡🙈😡👀👀👀. 
NoRepublic4Men &amp; is sleeping on Law misuse issue Shame Big shame is Government of india is Sponso…
BarrySherman owner of  pharmaceutical  Apotex  drugs company &amp; wife  HoneySherman found  dead  homicide
Iran  News: Civil Society Meeting Urges  UN to Launch Inquiry into 1988  Iranian Massacre    
New post on my blog: Syrian Christians reclaim their church from ‘Islamic State’  
Evangelist Kevin is now in Dubai, on his way to preach in a large, Islamic nation in Asia. For security reasons, we can’… 
ownsend7: We urgently need to talk about the link between Islam and violence. 'Nothing to do with Islam?' by Peter Townsend https…
Suppo ing ISIS is not allowed on Twitter, but suppo ing war criminal regimes that destroyed far more lives than ISIS… 
Why   should  DefundPalestinians
Sister of  asmarani, slain medical student in no hwest  Pakistan denies any...   by  Aakbar84 via   
Yet most  Muslims seem to have positioned themselves against  Israel. And though they may not want to…  
They are Yemenis ... and they have all the right to defend themselves .. what would they do if Iran offers the…
So far, I believe not a single  EU leader, Embassy or official, has condemned the brutal  Ariel terror attack. 
Let's not fall for this one again. Iran and Saudi Arabia are bitter enemies. Al Qaeda is a wholly owned subsidiary…  
The  voice of islam
So, tell us again   how the men and women who fought to save us all from ISIS are asking for more than…   
Such an a istic representation of international sleaze, involving Satan😠 
SouthCarolina  AmtrakCrash 2  crewMembers were  killed, 100  hu  
Super Bowl anti-terrorism documents left on plane   
Dear  , stop attacking the Somali-American community in Minneapolis, thinking they pose a threat to   b… 
The Islamic Republic announces the mass production of Mohajer-6 drone equipped with Ghaem   sma  bomb. 
There are simply not enough trained de-miners available to clear the former strongholds of ISIS fast enough to let the p…
newsmax: This could’ve spelled big trouble if the docs had fallen into the wrong hands!
Pro-ISIS magazine in Istanbul bombed |    
Islamic Hamas movement and the Islamic Jihad (Holy War) in Gaza hailed on Monday the stabbing attack that killed an Israeli set…
The  FSA Turkish Backed Mercenaries Attacked Today Dikmetaş Village From  Afrin Canton
VICTORY: After only 1 year of Trump's presidency, the US has begun reducing the number of troops in Iraq. 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mus…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mus…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mus…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel mus…   
No confirmation yet |   Major Cypriot offshore gas field discovered the Calypso field, containing an estimated 170-230 BCM,… 
Potus44 is a fraud MUST  lockhimup &amp;  LockHerUp to  RestoreAmerica  MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Islam is not a religion. We call it a religion, but its not a religion, because it is the nature of us. The nature…   
2/ Al-Qaeda is now being enforcedas a fact on the ground by Turkey/US and.....drums rolling.....Russia. Please do n…  
The FG and her people should stop announcing that they’ve defeated BH because every time they make that announcement, they ris… 
Kashmir has turned into a place of separatism and terrorism. Fanatic terrorists attack India in direct and indirect ways…
Turns out Russian fighter pilot wasn’t actually killed by terrorists….    
Turns out Russian fighter pilot wasn’t actually killed by terrorists….    
Here is proof that  ISIS are NOT  Islamic watch video carefully Does The  Quran Promote Violence?…  
India Govt. should immediately organize a FAKE NEWS AWARD for Indian Presstitutes(News Media) to safe SCANDAL IM/SI…  
It's suddenly acceptable and fashionable to admit that the US and Saudi cove  program in  Syria fueled the rise of ISIS…
Seems those kneeling for illegals &amp; Islam should say Thank you 2 Pence &amp; Trump who R being leaders tryi…  
Sir/Madam, Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/ISIS Dr. Kanc…   
Terrorists being exterminated by RuAF and Syrian Air Force all across  Idlib shithole so they have just faked another che…
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  

Freedom must always be guarded with vigilance, it has many forms of destructive forces to defend against   
MSM headlines half truth: 'ex-soldier' killed a Denver transit security guard.
s_unknown12: So I found out a few things this weekend 1.Strip clubs fucking rock 2. People running an ask about Islam booth hate it…
Is someone working on removing Jahalat from those found in the Islamic circles in Pakistan..? I would love to…
Sisters Raffal and Farah Khaled, students at  Mosul University in  Iraq, stand outside the university library.  Daesh terr… 
Wtf? the  DailyStormer has all of 2017's terror attacks by  Daesh pigs under   the best moments of 2017   along with nazi march… 
bbcnews  skynews one for you to get your teeth into..  
How much will Palestinian Authority pay the terrorist once he’s caught and jailed? In 2017, PA paid nearly $350 mil…   
Hu ,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel m…   
Hu ,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel m…   
Hu ,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel m…   
Hu ,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel m…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Biaf… 
The Islamic Republic announces the mass production of Mohajer-6 drone equipped with Ghaem   sma  bomb. 
That's funny. You and Obama did nothing when the Yazidis were trapped on a mountain with ISIS closi…  
Don't u think 1billion dollars is too much for anti terrorism in this near election time
Muhkam verses - those which are so definitive in their language and possess so many secondary suppo s, that no discus… 
I find it very interesting at  ISIS has repo edly run out of money and that  …
Except for  DarrenOsborne, who suppo ed Tommy Robinson and planned to kill Jeremy Corbyn. All you need to know about robin… 
The Pope has lost all credibility. His pandering and mollycoddling of Islam is emetic.  
It is a matter of grave concern that Indian occupation forces are reso ing to state terrorism, war crimes and intensifi… 
How much will Palestinian Authority pay the terrorist once he’s caught and jailed? In 2017, PA paid nearly $350 million to… 
Tukur Buratai &amp; his murderous niGEria  Army re supplying weapons to  foolani herdsmen  terrorists with which they re slaught…
Trinidad: How a Tiny Nation Became ISIS Recruiting Ground    
Oregon  Muslim  Rapist: Convicted Muslim Rapist Sues State For Failing To Provide Halal Meals  
★★★★★
BLM is just another anti-American radical terrorist group sponsored behind the scenes by islam... admit it folks, y…   
We are better off without the Saudis. They are the real face of terrorism.
…  
President Trump less than 25 percent of our illegals are Hispanic. Obama worked with Muslim Brothe…  
I join millions in offering my salutes to brave ma yrs including very young  CaptainKapilKundu of   who sacrificed…
And the religious Islamic doctrine promote Jihad fight the disbelievers (non-Muslims)…  
STOP IT ISIS LIKE FOR REAL
Islami_Tarbiyat!
The biggest consequence of this mistake may have less to do w/ terrorists knowing our vulnerabilities and more to do wi…
The Islamic State’s toxic farewell: Environmental sabotage and chronic disease. On today’s   A1 we examine how…
and possibly Islamic worship all happened i…  
The  shithole niGEria  Army is supplying weapons to  foolani herdsmen  terrorists with which they re slaughtering  Biafrans &amp;…
KASHMIRIS ARE NOT ALONE IN THEIR STRUGGLE FOR FREEDOM, EVERY PAKISTANI IS WITH THEM.  KASHMIR BANE GA  PAKISTAN.  … 
this is a very good point - this incursion by  Turkey is nowhere near   Kurdish terrorists,   but it is in a perfect spot… 
Libya- According to commander of LAF operations in central region the target was an  ISIS storage facility&amp;hideout 90km so…
Darren Osborne was an avid suppo er of YOU Tommy...  
Talk It Out: Does the threat of terrorism warrant canceling school trips to Washington D.C.? Join the conversation:  
More Islamic State jihadis now in UK than Britons in  Syria fighting the Islamic State    
Any more proof needed the the West lost was when that Priest was beheaded.Where were mass protest fr…  
Luxury Car Rental In Lahore Pakistan
America's Predicament in the Turkish-Kurdish Conflict - OpsLens    Kurdistan  Turkey  Iraq…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
The True Islam campaign is not a one time campaign but will continue. Our responsibility is to convey the message of the… 
Listen: Oregon man charged over terrorism false alarm – and that’s not the craziest pa   
“Anti-terrorism Documents Left On Plane”🤦🏼‍♂️    
Islam makes it clear. Islam will dominate through sharia law.
Super Bowl anti-terrorism documents left on plane    
Have you ever seen such peaceful terrorists in the world?
Talking about genocide of thousands of Sikhs by Indian Hindu terrorism oops fake seculars of Congress is not hate s…  
Never forget what these people are capable of.  
We’ve drifted so fuckin’ far off the trail now. But in one way, maybe not.…   
Last week 15,000 people from 80 countries attended  Cybe ech in  Israel. Here's what ex-CIA head Petraeus had to s…   
It’s almost like the moment the US government became serious about defeating ISIS, ISIS was defeated. Why didn’t we do th… 
An Islamic perspective on political economy   via themuslimvibe
The Muslima Romantic Dilemma  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
Raheem-go to an Islamic country that embraces your Disney World fake comments!!!
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda  AlNusrah…
Limbaugh EXPOSES Why Obama Says   ISIL   Instead Of   ISIS   - Shocking!   
umm Prophet ﷺ said: A place in Paradise as small as a bow is better than all that on which the sun rises and sets (…  
کشمیر_کو_آزاد_کرو
NEW MAP:  SAA forces launched new attacks from 2 directions today in order to eliminate the last  ISIS remnants in central  …
Liberals set to get smashed in  Europe too as the Alt-right gathers momentum   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel…   
CONGRATULATIONS, Nadia🙏🏻👼   Your Voice is stronger than  IS and  Terror  … 
Bharat survives amid Jihad and Crusade. What a strong and resilient people our heritage has made !  
IMO Islam is a Satanic worship of an evil thing and should be banned from civil society.  
Turkish Medical Ass'n President Tükel was released, along with rest of the leadership team. Courageously, he repeats:   TMA… 
What is going on in  Mirpur  Pakistan  
HOLY CRAP!  US-backed fighters share footage of  ISIS convoys leaving  Raqqa, right infront of them. Filmed with their c… 
I can’t stand this! Everytime I see anything about Trayvon or Philando or Sandra or all the many, many othe…   
My Great Love for  Jesus Led Me to  Islam
Yes that’s true, ISIS left Raqqa but like they did to Kobane they wanted to leave the people with as few as they...   
Hamas prepares for 'impending' war with  Israel in  Gaza – repo 
.   Trump carries water for  Israel religiously while vast majority of Jews in USA, like…   
I suppo  religious freedom for all. It is my right as a Dawoodi bohra woman to follow Islam as I see fit.  Voice…
Canadians love her! You  JihadiJustin are exactly the pinko  cuckaloo I was referring to! You s…
Here’s a hero for you. Took at least two al-Qaeda terrorists out before he pulled the grenade pin.
Retweeted Kenyanwallstreet ( ):
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must s…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must s…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must s…   
To compare Hinduism with Islam or Christianity is like comparing Principia Mathematica of Isaac Newton with Harry Potter…
【Islamic danger】
Awww poor Jihadi, all he did was murder 100s of innocent men, women and children, how dare you bully…   
Barrow, Cumbria : Neo  Nazi who planned Machete and Axe Attack on an  LGBT Event found GUILTY of Terrorism. 
Global 9H students are “speed friending” other Islamic scholars from the golden age of Islam  
These women have been fighting against ISIS and al-Nusra for 7 years. Now they are fighting against Turkey in…  
If you're giving fucking terrorists a free pass using Brexit as an excuse it means that you need to take a good long, hard lo… 
Militarys,dark frogs (homes&amp;buildings&amp;undrwater&amp;remote areas&amp;dese s)troops 
wwe wrestlers naked how to have sexual intercourse in islam  
The Islam-loving EU elite are far more dangerous to us than the Russians are
What the ever lovin' hell. Come on you folks. It's hard to defend you when you do silly shit like this.  
You can never weaken our struggle :  Brahumdagh Bugti to  Pakistan
This  ETF tracking Israel's hot  cyberstocks is breaking out    Israel  innovation
the only monster is Assad, but hey congrats on suppo ing the ayatollah…   
Except the people inciting the terrorists refuse to come to the table. It was Yasser Ara…  
Rex, you have reach.Pls look at “  Bush’s,Clinton&amp;Ca er just aired comme… 
This is what police found in the flat of a neo-nazi who was today convicted of preparing acts of terrorism  
They need to hand out the rape whistles we have here in America. They're about 160db and help solve the problem at…  
Barbaric  YPG  SDF  PKK    
An ambush by  YPG in Rajo's Shadiah village killed 9 of the al-Nusra/FSA terrorists.  Afrin  TwitterKurds
Syed Ali Geelani thanks Govt, Army &amp; People of  Pakistan for their continued suppo  to  Kashmiris right to…   
More Islamic State jihadis now in UK than Britons in Syria fighting the Islamic State  
Islam is cancer!
Happy deathday to you little terrorists 🕯
CNN employee discovers sensitive Super Bowl anti-terrorism docs left on commercial aircraft - TheBlaze  
Justin  . 
Video Of Pakistan Army Rangers Kicked And Whipped By Taliban Terrorists   via  
If objective is elimination of terrorism,why resist border management/fencing of Afgh/Pak   b…   
THAT'S girl power...  
Mumbai police have received information about plans to assassinate Sonu Nigam.    Any Hindus voicing their conc…
Iranian Canadians in  Toronto held rally to suppo   IranUprising   and  calling for  FreeAllProtesters  براندازم…   
1977's BLACK SUNDAY - Crazed terrorists hell-bent on destroying the  Superbowl? Not on secret agent  Robe Shaw's watch! htt…
USA under Barack Obama
Swedenstan »
If objective is elimination of terrorism,why resist border management/fencing of Afgh/Pak   border… 
Happy deathday to you little terrorists 🕯  
Islamic State threatens Iran from 'Tora Bora' borderlands  
Unfo unate but Chinese may have 2 lose a few lives 2 realise terrorism spares none.
PODCAST
The woman who didn't assist Yazidis trapped on a mountain with ISIS  
Shame on these terrorists. Yes TERRORISTS
SBIC construction update!! 2/4/18. More picture at    
CNN employee discovers sensitive Super Bowl anti-terrorism docs left on commercial aircraft  
You may lose the people you love, you may lose the things you have, but whatever happens, make sure you never lose Isl… 
Little Adam Schiff is 100x the man you will ever be.
Candidate under fire for calling Islam 'antithesis of Constitution'  He'sright   via  
The Islamic Republic of Iran has now to ured 11 freedom demonstrators to death    
Stop criticising d Govt &amp; d army.U guys r d mouthpiece of d Cong who is leaving no stone untu…  
its embarrassing to even watch &gt;&gt; the u-s leadership so shamelessly preform any act the  Zionists demands  |   ISRAEL…
OPEN LETTER TO AMERICAN GOVERNMENT: NIGERIA DOES NOT NEED FIGHTER JETS TO END TERRORISM IN WEST AFRICA  
On Fri 13 Nov 2014 I lost my pa ner in the Paris attacks by ISIL/ISIS 😖
And to those that found out what I was up to with the original tweet;  minesweeping me or u getting  texts…  
Oh yes, Marie was a spokesperson for the Obama state depa ment. Famously said we could end terrorism by increasing emp… 
In the interest of Cheap Labor and Socialist Goals look what Europe has done! NATO NEEDS TO PACK THEM UP AND WALK T…  
Geneva convention gives Kashmiri People the right to armed resistance, therefore calling it terrorism is illegal.  کشم… 
With few honorable &amp; professional persons at the Sena Malancha (Occasion of the Wedding, Daughter of Syful Islam...   
Embrace Life here and in the  hereafter !  Follow the  Quran and  Sunnah !  ReligionOfPeace  islam  
Kabul terrorists attacks were planned from within Afghan government, 8 arrested: Afghan officials   
Modern  contraceptive use in  Pakistan would be 19% higher in the absence of  sonpreference, according to new  … 
Notice says ‘observance of hejab &amp; Islamic practices in the shopping centre is mandatory’  
and possibly Islamic worship all happened in the s…
.    The Coalition will tailor our forces in consultation with our Iraqi pa ners in order to ensure the las…   
Iran  News: Civil Society Meeting Urges  UN to Launch Inquiry into 1988  Iranian Massacre Fr…
don’t disrespect middle eastern and no h african christians by comparing them to western christians  
News You're the one trying to make a poin…  
The site is different name than they said in commercial:   It’s promoting I…
LoC firing: Army officer among four ma yred
In 2014 the  Pakistani  Taliban announced   shud represent them in negotiations with government. All te…  
Big: With ISIS mainly defeated militarily, Coalition announces a major shift in its Iraq policy after 42 months of…   
A letter on today's   by a 10 year old  Ahmadiyya Muslim girl reacting to the intervention of Ofsted's sen…
A distant relative of mine was married into the family of a local Imam. All done through Islamic means.
Right wingers and right wing EXTREMISM are two different things? Both absolute wankers bu…  
A senior Iraqi official says 60 percent of American troops will leave the country, with 4,000 remaining mostly to t…   
This is how their God and Religion order them to act...
Islamic terrorists could probably win over conservatives by attacking only liberals &amp; yelling   Freebird!!   instead of   Alla… 
Dear Liberals: Facts Ignored About Islam Are Still Facts    
Dear Liberals: Facts Ignored About Islam Are Still Facts    
Record plunge in stock market. Dow down over 1,000 in the last 2 days of trading. Let’s give credit where credit is…   
islam neglects the self as a moral agent? thats a new one
So this was the tweet that   didn't meet their editorial standards  ..it sure met their standards in every other way. Fuc… 
Is probably. In line no he see. I hate this entire site was a jihad is absurd left. Normal adult finding time no re…  
Dear Liberals: Facts Ignored About Islam Are Still Facts    
Dear Liberals: Facts Ignored About Islam Are Still Facts    
We had some Easter eggs in the   ISIS repo  (  Stuff we keep investigating. Here's one:…
American terrorism kills.
Former President of  Pakistan and President  PPPP   addresses huge public gathering at Mochi Gate  Lahore.  La…
Go and study their history, as well as Islamic Theology. 
News Which evidence? ISIS claiming it without any factual e…  
Actually this is how they have lead any protests and rallies in past too.
Dabiq: IS's Apocalyptic 21st Century Jihadist Manifesto | Open Access Journals  
Woman who was sold as a sex slave by ISIS confronts a terrorist who admits to raping hundreds of women  
Dear Liberals: Facts Ignored About Islam Are Still Facts    
I have not seen a single mention about the CIA with all of this. The CIA's MISSION STATEMENT is to…  
via   Rabbi Nava Hefetz on  Israel's asylum-seekers issue: Refugeedom is in our DNA. Seeking asylum is in our bl…
Replaying   comments to   that   the memo   will cause Americans not to repo  terrorists next doo… 
After Dabiq, Jarablus, Turkey and FSA liberate al-Bab from Daesh, take full control - Daily Sabah   
Im not crying, you are.   
…
DaysofPalestine   The Clock tower in Jaffa in the Ma yrs Square, a tower dating back to the Ottoman era in Palestin… 
y1:      …
China has invested massive amount of money in  Pakistan to the point of colonizing the country, if the Islamist te…   
Loretta Lynch defers prosecution of HSBC for narco/terrorism (Sinaloa Ca el/Hezbollah)money laundering but orders…  
s: Sensitive Super Bowl anti-terrorism documents were left in the seat-back pocket of a commercial plane then randomly fou…
Do have a watch. In Iran, there's a direct line from the CIA-backed coup of 1953 to the Islamic Revolution of 1979. From m… 
y1    …
islam is really a beautiful religion  
Yes I agree with you. This must be solved once in for all by strikes inside PoK…
Turns out Russian fighter pilot wasn’t actually killed by terrorists….  
The best pa  of this is that they did manage to mention Jewish terrorism against the occupying British before the foun…
ok any news on how you are going to employ the p…  
If Eternal Life knocks at the front door
.    The Coalition will tailor our forces in consultation with our Iraqi pa ners in order to ensure the lasting def… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Probably killed by Turkish 'allies'.  
IsNOTreal was and never will be a country. It is a Rothschild Illuminati Poject which must be erased from the face of the Ea …
ers:  BREAKING: At least three persons were killed and seven other injured when Boko haram terrorists burnt down a communit…
Let these people who call themselves following Hindutva ideology sta  a non state actor army &amp; go to PO…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
Creeping  Sharia: Florida: Muslim arrested, groped at least four women at the Univ of Central Florida…   
h1   The most conservative and ISIS kind of Islamist theism like Wahabism etc. was mooted and propounded on…
15 Pakistani Soldiers Killed In Massive Retaliation By Indian Army. Kudos To Army. Don't Worry,No One Will Demand P…   
the interests of we the ppl must be first over illegal aliens: securing our border, n ending chain migration n…   
Scenes from a  polio  vaccination campaign in  Karachi,  Pakistan 
YPG  PKK  PYD Terrorists today targeted this vehicle while carrying civilians mostly children around  Aleppo's…  
An anime film made in Pakistan. Inspired by the works of Studio Ghibli... The Glassworker. This is going to be so good :3
jdpeterson Thanks for the  ! Do you like to us.    terrorism  alqaeda Have you added a Twib…  
You know who also removes statues....ISIS 😬
Exactly, in recent times they've been homophobic, racist, sectarian, attended terrorist parades, cosi…   
Think he's a Labour Mayor or council leader of somewhere.  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
All true.  It’s it’s also that Obama was arrogant.  Trump is a patriot and knows his military limitations and so tr…  
dude i love islam
💢Is God Now Warning America to  REPENT or  Judgement Will Fall? What Happens When We Die? Are  Heaven and  Hell REAL Etern…
The go-to GOP argument in the 2016 election campaigned seemed to be IT IS ABOUT ISLAM. But is it really?…  
Did you forget 9/11  
.  Chairman  MustafaKamal with Member delegates and women MPAs of  Sindh Assembly in  Thar for  TharProject…
Iranian Canadians in  Toronto held rally to suppo   IranUprising   and  calling for  FreeAllProtesters  براندازم…   
Ankara
CENTCOM talks about shift in anti-ISIS coalition mission, refers to   our enduring presence as invited guests in Iraq.   
Ok now handover these material to US Syrian pa ner YPG/PKK terrorists.
I actually respect Labour but have to say this close relationship makes  me sick. Corbyn does not have the interests of t…
counter terrorists win  
Again, not defending religious nutters, terrorism is unacceptable and abhorrent, when com…   
Big: With ISIS mainly defeated militarily, Coalition announces a major shift in its Iraq policy after 42 months of hot war 
KashmirSolidarityDay
We've spoken to a Syrian rebel fighter filmed destroying an alcohol shop in the village of Bulbul during Turkey's Afrin off…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
via daesh steeling and buying Iraq and Syria cultures to all world but can't sell…   
12-13 February, 2018. 150 Young leaders from accross  Pakistan will gather in  Lahore to discuss their Role in Policy Maki… 
…  
Chilling: 35-year-old Rabbi Raziel Shevach (circled above), who was murdered by Palestinian terrorists several weeks ago, and… 
The Neocon Nutjobs at the   want Trump to replace Tillerson with Neocon Nutjob al-Qaeda &amp; ISIS suppo er Mike Pompeo f…
“I’m very surprised” that Owen Smith, who said we should “get around the table with ISIS,” thinks the Irish border is to… 
ugal,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
I wonder why Linder didn't do the kissing...............................because of Islam???????????????//
TURKISH CRIMES..!
Retweeted Théophile Mpozembizi ( ):
Usually sanghis go on and on…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bi… 
,  world needs a honest independent U-N based outside  US,2replace sham&gt;  protecting  warcriminals  terrorists  s… 
French prisons resemble madrassas for radical Islam  
indian creampie porn massage kelly b lactating tits hot sex porn ass licking german milf erotic massage video isis…  
BREAKING: Ethan Stables, neo-Nazi who planned to rampage through a pub hosting a Pride Night CONVICTED of preparing an act of… 
The Real 48%  . 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Biafr… 
…  
Conve ing that 3rd &amp; 12 was so huge... that ball sailed on Foles and Smith made a tough grab. JihaD
He should be arrested immediately for inciting terrorism in the Republic of the United Sta…
Israel issuing depo ation notices to thousands of  African migrants
Book culture returns to Iraq's post-jihadist Mosul
er: Foreign terrorist fighters in  Syria that are fighting alongside  PYD  PKK  YPG terrorist organization.  Daesh has cle…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Marines hold drills before Olympics to prepare for threats of terrorism, war - 
Demonstrating the security threats created by the nation’s immigration system, the vast majority convicted of terro…   
Someone needs to confront Harris on the Rohingya crisis. This piece of shit claims to be very knowledgeabl…  
India Govt. should immediately organize a FAKE NEWS AWARD for Indian Presstitutes(News Media) to safe SCANDAL IM/SI…  
RDC  DRC  Rwanda  Übermensch /Herrenvolk mentality of   towards the  Untermenschen of Africa. Sick  Israel h…
Australian Islamic preacher says whoever misses one prayer is worse than a terrorist, murderer, rapist and pedophile. ht… 
Editor in chief of same Outlook whose founder editor in chief Vinod Mehta had asked Khushwant Singh if he was a Sik…  
Sir/Madam, Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/ISIS Dr. Kanc…   
Islam is incompatible with everyone around them, that's something we… 
Punjab the colourful  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Brandon Linder appears to have had his instagram hacked by Isis  
The boycott of Arab States forcing  Qatar to sit down at the table a…
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
US Sta s Iraq Drawdown after Declaration of Victory over ISIS  
ENOUGH
The logical conclusion we can expect from stupid people who spent six years telling us that the only problem in  Syria was I…
This is putting the Islamic Caliphate on notice, a top DSS personnel accosted me sho ly at the Airpo  terminal, reprima… 
BREAKING:  Muslims throw grenade at army camp in Pulwama’s Kakpora in Jammu and  Kashmir ; security forces retaliate. https…
Sach main Prophet ﷺ said: A place in Paradise as small as a bow is better than all that on which the sun rises and…  
his ego was so powerful that he took down a helicopter? that's amazing  
RDC  DRC  Rwanda Very well put! But the  Nazis within modern-day  Israel only think of  Lebensraum &amp;  Herrenvolk. htt…
yemen foreign aid program discussions are underway. issues with giving aid include terrorism fears and conflicts with SA  apmodelcongress
on: What could possibly go wrong?  
Fucking ISIS sympathisers
ySeeds:   .   Trump carries water for  Israel religiously while vast majority of Jews in USA, like  , st… 
Salah Abdeslam, who carried out the terror attacks in Paris killing over 100 people, is refusing to talk saying he onl… 
The parents of Dr Neil Aggett donated an archival collection to UCT Libraries mainly regarding the inquest into the circ…
A CNN employee found sensitive Depa ment of Homeland Security repo s about protecting the Super Bowl from terrorism in…
I'm not bothered CNN sat on the contents until after the Super Bowl. But the 70k+ humans in that stadium had a right to know tha…
Tiger Forces Open New Front Against ISIS In No heastern Hama Pocket, Liberate More Areas (Maps)   
Quels 60%?  
Respected  Israeli military historian Ma in van Creveld confirms that some of  Israel's illegal  NuclearWeapons arsenal…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
s: All because the Supreme Cou  threw out accusations of “terrorism” against Yameen’s opponent and former  Maldives’ pres…
It reminds me of a cattle pen and that is exactly how these women are being treated.
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Large number of  USA vehicles and weapons were taken to the Iraqi-Syrian borders, to the area in no h-east  Syria under the… 
Please  . Watch how  Muslim mobs had set shops of poor Hindus on fire few years back in INDIA.  Kasganj is a small trailer…
🤦‍♀️
Ah! What about those who drink, rape, and murder but also pray? Why so emotional bruh?   
Modi got is worst got in 70 years. It drives  fear in citizens and treats opposition like terrorists.
Old village, Najran region,  SaudiArabia 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
ENOUGH
It was the neo-Nazi one about how kneeling black football players are the vanguard of the totalitarian ISIS caliphate. Left it…
This a icle by the   says:
7abibi, ayatollahs don’t rule over us in Damascus unlike the jihadist…   
Israel issuing depo ation notices to thousands of  African migrants
Excuse me! Why is dating haraam in Islam? . . . You\'ll find most things are haraam in Islam. Check this Out ==&gt;  
Turns out Russian fighter pilot wasn't actually killed by terrorists....  AAG
Reiterating for the  facebook generation that this phenomenon of idiocy could never have manifested if  SaudiArabia…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
My prayers are with the family of Rabbi Itamar Ben Gal, a 29 year old Israeli and father of four children, who was sta… 
Yea dude you know all the gays with rights in the Middle East lol. Islam is the exact opposite…  
not that sure anymore on Stock Market and Judicial Strength  
Exactly! When my dad was dying of cancer a evangelical came to my childhood home and sta e…
Really CNN???? Of all the people/repo ers  in the world   employee found the  Document🤔🤔🤔🤔 kind a fishy to me…  
Mubin a.k.a. the badass who took out the Toronto18, dropping them truth-bombs!   
The Islam Racket  
There's 1 Simple Difference between immigrants &amp; Muslims that suppo  ISIS ideologies (either activel…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Modi got is worst got in 70 years. It drives  fear in citizens and treats opposition like terrorists.
کشمیر_کو_آزاد_کرو
The imposition of  regulatory duties on  Afghan  TransitTrade is going to render  Pakistan uncompetitive: businesse…  
LGBT terrorists is bi sexual and a white supremacy man they just Trott this shite out and folk believe it 😂
: What qualification is required to join Alqaeda's  WhiteHelmets?
Here is description of three renown terrorists
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
Conve  or die is the Islamic way.  
Tukur Buratai is global  terrorist. The  shithole niGEria  Army is a  terrorist group. It is worse than  foolani herdsmen  t…
In Pakistan the Pashtun are expendable.
There is a petition to stop ISIS fighters from entering the UK
Obscene. The Guardian publishes a longish a icle on the history of terrorism. There isn't a single mention of the…  
Everyone needs to acknowledge and uphold the best interest of the society and country as a whole without any politi…  
Trump Official Leaves Sensitive Anti-Terrorism Documents On Commercial Flight  
In a 2004 interview... Tariq Ramadan described the Canadian legal framework as “one of the most open in the world”. He sugg…

Ah yes. But, Paul... 
ISIS fighters   Thousands of ISIS fighters have escaped the American-led military campaign in eastern Syria, threat…   
•White Christian European Men fighting amongst themselves = High Terrorism
Amazing, she was a young woman in 1979, she knows what islam did to her country. Respect.   
Images from clashes today between Kurdish YPG Forces and the invading Turk army &amp; their jihadist mercenaries around the…
ISIS in the Caribbean: Trinidad, a small island nation, has become fe ile ISIS recruiting ground. How?   
Old village, Najran region,  SaudiArabia 
Great awakening of Germans of Germany invasion!  
AZ,94640,2/5/2018 18:07,Islam is a disease that must be eradicated in and by all western nations. Anonymous. 
Turkish army &amp; FSA terrorists kidnapped an old Kurdish man from a village near Raco in Efrin because he refused to let t…
Veteran Of The Israeli Army Gives Explosive Tell-All: “I Was The Terrorist”   via   in A…
ISIS terrorists - welcome back to Canada, reintegration 
Why don't you Conve  to ISLAM you will be free immediately  &amp; given MILLIONS of pounds Compensation…  
, repeat after me   White Radical Extremist Domestic Terrorism   !!!   
Alinsky/Communist doctrine. Accuse the other side of what you are as to run interference on your Agenda.... “ The Pot call…
ISIS? When did ISIS speak Kurmanji, have women fighters with them, mention YPG&amp;YPJ on the radio, and not…   
Absolutely.....Unconsolidated Hindu Society Is NOT GOING to suppo  him even if he know this is a c…  
IS cell survivor shows murderous nexus of crime and terrorism   via  
Ace RW dogwhistling douchebag in his elements here. What an abominable cretin!  
Journal de Bord d’Isis Blue Nebadonia   via  
…  
Wow.. Obama is a genius. Only he could come up with a strategy that would eventually lead to the defeat of ISIS 9 months aft…
Tonight 8pm - come and be inspired by   as we approach  Israel70
Fiery hell:  RuAF attack against  alQaeda terrorists in  Idlib province after death of pilot of the Su-25 jet aircraf.  إدل…
Then bye bye EU.
All he exposed is that both you and him work for PUTIN. You and your family will most likely hang…  
Sheikh Qasim was one of the most valuable contributors to the Islamic Movement in Nigeria and one of our knowledgeable teach…
This is a golden oppo unity for Pakistan to intervene.Maldives is al…  
What do you expect?    Israel's own stupidity incites violence.   Your only option is the BDS movement.  
Activist Regina Mustafa has announced her candidacy for  rochmn mayor. Mustafa is the founder of Community Interfaith Dial…
Another Islamic Beauty Ahmed Haque
Muslim Migrants warn Germans their days are numbered  
Super Bowl anti-terrorism documents left on plane    
BREAKING: Terrorists attack Army Camp in Kakapora area of Pulwama in South  Kashmir by hurling grenades and firing constan…
AfricaYearinReview2017 contributor   has written a piece titled   The G5 Sahel: A Homegrown Response t…   
The аrch of Triumph a major Roman monument in the city of Palmyra. Confirmed to have been destroyed by ISIS.  
Pro- ISIS channels repo ing use of  drone strikes against regime targets in al-Saan district of  Hama, Syria.   
Of course, there are some things that I don't suppo , nor do I believe in, but generally, we should focus on the g…   
you’re spouting absolute shit. I bet you don’t blame Christianity for the KKK. ISIS and Te…  
Those launch rails look flimsy.  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
ISIS claims suicide attack on Iraqi stadium that kills 33 - CNN  
I'm not racist, I've got no problems with Muslims. I only have a problem with people who follow Islam. 
It's their planet too. Can we not share it with them?  
.    The Coalition will tailor our forces in consultation with our Iraqi pa ners in order to ensure the las…   
- Bahut time se koi interesting challenge saamne nahi aaya. But this Feb 8th &amp; 9th is going to be interesting. I am re…
RG Mugabe in the high level of trolls who want imperialism in Kenya from terrorism.
Barbaric  YPG  SDF  PKK    
Israel  depo s the Negro: Open Borders for thee, but not for me goy! Yahoo Israel has sta ed handing out notices…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
Turkey's thriving smuggling trade of ISIS members:
I’m sorry that you didn’t realize Allah made it easier for you while you are on your cycle. Maybe you should be a l…  
The inability of  apologists to answer a simple question about their religions is telling. What objective evidence…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
I added a video to a   playlist   mufti amir hamza bangla waz - New Islamic bangla waz mahfil 2018 -
You go girl. Stay safe against your own islamofacist government!  
Turns out Russian fighter pilot wasn’t actually killed by terrorists….    
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
News Ha ha ha !!
Its because fukbama and his zombies lost. Nothing else.  
False allegations against our government about using  chemicalweapons are used as a shield to cover up the use of these w… 
That girl who lit a match on herself to prevent isis from raping her...I still think of her. I'll probably always think of her
Come on    you know you Italians are a shifty bunch, i mean you brought soccer and Oliv…   
US begins reducing troops in Iraq after victory over ISIS - Times of India    
On  KashmirSolidarityDay  headed the rally in solidarity with Kashmiris.  DisttAdminOfKhairpur  KashmirDay  HumanRights  Paki…
This is brutal..outrageous..inhumane..immoral..oppression.. slaughter.. insane and unacceptable... war-crime…  
Isis is also the name given to the river Thames before it passes through Oxford. When th…  
Demonstrating the security threats created by the nation’s immigration system, the vast majority convicted of terro…   
There is NO islamophobia in Canada. It was created by JihadiJustin to try and divide Canadians, try to make us look bad… 
Can’t forget GS Warriors fans  
Hollywood director’s son, a conve  to Islam, stars in al-Qaeda propaganda video   
Nazmul Islam watched as the army prepared to attack his home in  TulaToli, where its  Rohingya residents were raped…   
AfricaYearinReview2017 contributor   has written a piece titled   The G5 Sahel: A Homegrown Response t…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
FISA set up to oversee surveillance of foreigners in US suspected of terrorism. Trump isn't a terrorist or a foreig…  
Wrong on several counts. 1) I am Mail on Sunday contributing editor.  2) I was not arguing for scrappin…  
HolyLeague2018 — Call for an International Alliance to oppose Islamic Invasion of Europe -  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
There's a a difference between Islamic female circumcision and FGM you know. See:  
ISIS attacks humanitarian NGO | The Kingston Whig-Standard  
He didn't drain the   swamp, he replaced the swamp for one of his ow…   
FSA ll  EastGhouta
Of course it was intentional. There is no other explanation for it because it was obvious to anyone exactly what would h…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
I am inviting you to meet with the Italian committee in  ottawa to explain your comments in how we a…  
Journal de Bord d’Isis Blue Nebadonia    
This is Sara, she was killed by Muslim terrorists because politicians care more about diversity &amp; immigration than they d… 
Land of Heroes  Rojava
Wallahi tarbiyyah is so impo ant. I cannot stress enough how impo ant it is to bring your siblings/children up upon is…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Turkey is now at war with Syria. This isn't an operation to clear out terrorists. This is Turkey defending terrorists an…
It's special pleading even when it comes to the Abrahamic Religions.  I've seen debates where they were arguing two…  
Israel Is A Discredit To America    gaza  palestine
Why hate ?? Just settle your problems with Palestinians justly and the world would love both Palestinians and Israe…  
The occupation always hits them. Fear, unce ainty is inside their minds and that is perhaps worse than the war itself. 
They speak TRUTH.  
In islam there is no compulsion in marriage. Forced marriages are forbidden. However it's impo ant to set the record str…
Brothers  Sisters  Fathers  Mothers  Sons  Daughters
Pilot shot down in  Syria,Major R,Filipov,who died in a battle with terrorists,was introduced to the titel of Hero of… 
&gt;Fascists are statistically more likely to commit terrorism than muslims
Hmm I wonder how much attention  this white terrorist will get in the mainstream media? Probably about as much as t…  
It has been said, 'the  woods are lovely dark and deep', but I learned about what no one speaks...  
Holy moly. I had never read that. The horror! In case others are curious:  
HumanTrafficking between  Israel &amp;  Rwanda.
Islam has nothing to do with us &amp; Jews funded terrorism
Officials confirm some US troops leaving Iraq after ISIS largely routed, follows withdraw of hundreds of US Marines from… 
modi ji had secret business meetings with Pakistan… went to Lahore without invitation to pa y… then got Terrorists to Pathank…
s: Defence Minister  , Army Chief General Bipin Rawat pay respects to mo al remains of Captain Kapil Kundu and… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Point being, now we know where the money came from.  Obama literally gave narco terrorists like Hezbollah back thei…   
The Islamist terrorism threat in Ireland    Ireland  Islam  Terrorism  ImmigrantCrime…  
CNN - INTERNATIONAL . THE LEAST  TRUSTED  NAME  IN FAKE-NEWS POTUS  5-0  IN CONGRESSIONAL RACES . WINNING - I…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Got News for You Ove olerant  AmoebaLiberal  DemonRats
With few honorable &amp; professional persons at the Sena Malancha (Occasion of the Wedding, Daughter of Syful Islam FC…   
Mohammed  Koran by   &amp; Peter McLoughlin and highly recommended by  Gandi  
Super Bowl anti-terrorism documents left on plane - CNN  
I was afraid about this, but here it is. Jubilee actions of police killing innocent kenyans because they disagree w…   
I wonder if Adam Schiff ever leaked ORCON intelligence about ISIS from Israel to the Russian foreign minister, who likely sh… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
There's 1 Simple Difference between immigrants &amp; Muslims that suppo  ISIS ideologies (either actively or…
E z kills this first drive. Fuck. JihaD
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bi… 
Locked. Unlocked.
Ethan Stables. Far right terrorist who wanted to butcher LGBTQ communities. His hatred and his fascination for Nazi…  
his ego was so powerful that he took down a helicopter? that's amazing  
Finding Inner Peace -   -  LifeInIslam  ramadan  islam  
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq’s Mosul long after Islamic State defeat    
“We must imagine new worlds tht transition ideologies&amp;norms so that no one sees Black People as murders or brown pe…  
I would see them, turn my head away, smack myself in face hard, turn back to glance, and they were still there! I did… 
💥CNN,  FakeNews ch. which makes HEADLINE NEWS with Pres Trump Tweet sp errors, misspelled  TERROR in their own Breakin… 
You can do whatever you want to with your wife when you’re alone but doing it in public channels negative effects to people…
By the way saying something is a Muslim practice doesn't mean you're saying it's exc…  
15 Pakistani Soldiers Killed In Massive Retaliation By Indian Army. Kudos To Army. Don't Worry,No One Will Demand Proof Be… 
Ariel attacker has been identified as an Arab- Israel(i) resident of  Jaffa. Mother from Haifa and father from Nablus. Nam…
He's working on it, and doing a mighty fine job.  Lower unemployment, new jobs, lower taxes, highe… 
I liked a   video   Top Illuminati Grand Wizard: “We Control Islam and We'll Use It to Destroy the
Edhi Sahab not just social worker he is an agent of change,a reformer.In a world where Islam is not recognized 4 it's Truth h… 
The ways of entering into Allah Almighty's protection elucidated by the Khalifa of Islam.  trueIslam  Quran  Messiahhascome…
Quran is religious text of Islam  ep3_M&amp;S  
Maybe Justin can redirect the “reintegration funds” he wants to spend on returning Canadian traitors who fought for ISIS/ISIL to…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
Employee rights in Islam – ‘Pay the worker his wages before his sweat dries.’ Instruction of the Prophet (pbuh)  
Have people already forgotten Terrorists come through Florida and New York not Mexico???????
Hazrat Mirza Masroor Ahmad(aba), Worldwide Head of the  Ahmadiyya  Muslim Community said: “Every nation should respect… 
As Nigerian Army Says Boko Haram Is Defeated, Terrorists Invade Borno…    Hisprideblog 
Caliph Haroon ul Raheed used to help his TEACHER wear his shoes...and here we have in the ISL…  
😂 his visit is far more likely to increase suppo  for membership. Nobody in Ireland believes this sn…  
Jihadis lob grenade at Army camp in Jammu and Kashmir's  Pulwama
Just a reminder that the   rebels   in Syria are literally nothing more than al-Qaeda terrorists (under the…   
The latest The Elder of Ziyon  Daily!   Thanks to    israel  iran
Trained, armed and financed.   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
EoZ  Israel News: Stop Being So Illegal! (Divest This!)  
Islam encourages us to forgive a burdensome debt of a debtor.
Get a peek behind the scenes at the first ever ceremony for the new    Israel!    awards…  
Malcolm X Exposes Nation of Islam PACT with the KKK (1965)   via    BlackHistoryMonth
If more Americans knew our real history it's not that confusing. CIA uses same trick cuz…  
Muslims have 4 times as many children as non-muslims. Whi…  
The Islamic State’s toxic farewell: Environmental sabotage and chronic disease  
So just what is the   Resistance   resisting…   
Security forces pursue Palestinian after bus stop stabbing of Israeli    israel  worldnews
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Those who suppo  an army that acts like this glorify terrorism; &amp;     are…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
All the more reason why the US needs to protect the Rojava Kurds from terrorist organizations who will reconstitute themsel…
Trump won’t seek new authority for wider Syria mission after hammering ISIS
GAZA 💔😪💔
It is a matter of grave concern that Indian occupation forces are reso ing to state terrorism, war crimes and intensifie… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
It’s all about extra-crediting🌟 @ Museum of Islamic A  (MIA)  
Islamic Republic Stands Strong: Confused American Deep State Flops in  Iran   My latest a icle, s… 
Glory to our brave warriors who liberate the world today from Wahhabi terrorists!
REFRESH THE MIND ALWAYS WELL ..
trump has black unemployment at an all time low, isis lost 98% of its control, the stock market ha…   
There shouldn't be any talk at any forum with Pakistan till terrorism, proxi war,Cowardly attack agaist India in the m… 
Hollywood director’s son, a conve  to Islam, stars in al-Qaeda propaganda video   
BREAKING:   TAKES  CREDIT FOR  RECORD   STOCK MARKET   = NOW   SO-CALLED CAN TAKE  CREDIT AS   I… 
I always thought that the defenders were terrorists but actually both sides is the good guys.. ubisoft is a lie
These women have been fighting against ISIS and al-Nusra for 7 years. Now they are fighting against Turkey, and for them… 
New post (Ahmad Ali Hakim New Kalam 2018 New Punjabi Naat Sharif) has been published on Urdu Islamic Video -…  
yo why is isis still fighting people i put this coexist sticker on my car like three days ago
The Clock tower in Jaffa in the Ma yrs Square, a tower dating back to the Ottoman era in Palestine. it is one of seve… 
Paris  terror suspect tells cou : 'I am not afraid of you'
5 'terrorists' dead in Spain police shootout after attacks that killed 14, injured 100 - ABC News   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 

International arms watchdog finds that most ISIS weaponry was purchased by the United States and Saudi Arabia before b…
h By not stepping in,  Scamgress gave tacit suppo  to Gayoom, yes. But…   
FISA set up to oversee surveillance of foreigners in US suspected of terrorism. Trump isn't a terrorist or a foreigner. So why…
This attack is carried out during  KashmirSolidarityDay rally organized by  ISI backed terrorists. ISI suppo s the…  
Super Bowl anti-terrorism scenario documents found on plane  
LOL destroying liquor stores because it's harram you know but killing innocent Kurdish civilians is ok no problem. Sincerely f…
Thing about   state repression vs. terrorism   is that there are rarely clear cut   good guys   and clear cut   bad guys.   
It was an ove ly racist anti-NFL  diatribe pretending that US will be overrun by Islam b…  
YPG aren't terrorists...  Erdogan,  FSA  TSK  TAF and the Turkish   Media   are the…   
Kashmiris have always appreciated the suppo  of  Pakistan,at all levels, 
Foles also didn’t have to throw that away... drop it into Agholor. JihaD
Super Bowl anti-terrorism documents left on plane   via  
I know as Iranian we do not want Islamic Republic in our country, we dismiss the entire system of t…   
What Readers Are Saying about “The Burgas Affair”  
Men and women are equal in their status and each have their own significance in Islam. God himself will ensure the rew…
“Morality police”. Let that sink in liberals. Those exist in Muslim countries. Stop fighting your own government an…  
»∞ Antique Islamic Bowl    Islamica   Syrian  middleeast    
PYD/PKK terrorists kidnap Syrian children to go to war    
Top reasons to  Suppo _Modi:
On the day when BJP Chief   shamelessly brags in Rajya Sabha that since Modi came to power, Kashmir is safe, te… 
Never in my life could I have conceived of such all-encompassing, overwhelming evil seeking to destroy me. I had no…   
MEDIA BLACKOUT: Five Muslim  Terrorists in U.S. Cou s You’ve Never Heard Of…  
bbcnews  skynews any views on this? surely we should be informing our people!!  
Israeli and Indian officials to meet to discuss terrorism ( )
US BEGINS REDUCING TROOPS IN IRAQ AFTER VICTORY OVER IS
WATCH: Shocking aftermath of  Mosul liberation captured on extremely graphic video    Iraq…  
Amen brother  
Building Alliances - Preventing Terrorism: Engaging Communities and Countering Narratives |    
Super Bowl anti-terrorism documents left on plane
Proud o…  
Land of Heroes  Rojava
Miss  Israel is the modern  Queen of  Sheba
The fact that  ​ has let these extreme circumstances exist is not right   says solicitor Puja Nandi as t…   
Who is responsible for giving terrorists free access to the UK,someone  must  have made this call o…   
Oh yeah Justin did say killing/arresting  terrorists just makes them win in the end
Website Traffic generator    marketing  OnlineMarketing | Submit A i…  
…  
Please don't be a pa y to make your country a ISLAMIC STATE, If you have tolerated most corrupt regime give chance to this… 
…  
A Great Story about:
Arrest him.  Send him to Cuba. He can enjoy quality time with terrorists.  
Olympics 2018: Drills held in Pyeongchang prepare for threats of terrorism, war 
Pakistan's religiously radicalized military estab, corrupt &amp; incompetent political elite / civilian bureaucracy need to realize… 
Beauty of countryside near  Depalpur,  Okara.  Punjab  Pakistan   
...others slip into Turkey.   This is why we need the SDF border force. If thousands of  ISIS fighters crossed into…   
Here and smiling. JihaD  
The Current State Of  Women In  Pakistan Is Incompatible With Islamic Teachings - my a icle via  …  
ownsend7: The Muslima Romantic Dilemma  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
Soros fake news!!! To de orientation of general public from realized Kalergi&amp;Soros etnic replacement plan of EVE…
RDC  DRC  Rwanda  Nazism = modern-day  Israel /  Yisrael. Remember yr past   !  
Pakistan now has an Instrumented Weapon Testing Range at  Sonmiani with  China's assistance (i.e. likely...  
Bisexual ‘neo-Nazi’ convicted of terrorism over Gay Pride attack plan    
Honestly he isn't a proper Imam. I am a fully practi…  
Another terrorist attack in Israel today, done by a Palestinian terrorist, I hope that Israel is going to kill the…   
Super Bowl anti-terrorism documents left on plane    
In fairness jarabulus was more or less handed over. Strange though it may sound I think YPG studie…  
good read: From Lone Actors to Daesh: Rethinking the Response to the Diverse Threats of Terrorist Financing  
anti-western   (kids were taught about colonialism),   anti-christian   (sex Ed),   whitewashed Islam   (ta…   
Reiterating for the  facebook generation that this phenomenon of idiocy could never have manifested if  SaudiArabia did not p…
Shettima Lauds FG, Theatre Commander’s Stride In Combatting Terrorism 
…  
❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️⚠️⚠️⚠️⚠️⚠️⚠️. Should have been required reading before election!  Oh the friends you keep    
Jaysh al-Islam and Faylaq al-Rahman rebel groups are setting up media directorates to monitor &amp; control the work of…  
Seems a bit leaky.  
Sensitive Super Bowl anti-terrorism documents left on plane    
y_Thunder Yep. The media, the pa ies, everything is about us vs them. We don’t talk…   
ISIS has claimed responsibility for the deadly attack on Coptic Christians gathered to worship in Cairo. The freedom to w…
If fascists are more likely to commit terrorist attacks than left-wingers, then why are communist terrori… 
GridGirls  GridKids
Terror trial: Teacher admits showing Islamic State video to children    
soldiers are so brave
Hi I am saidul Islam from Khulna , what do you do? 
I always thought that the defenders were terrorists but actually both sides is the good guys.. ubisoft is a lie
There is no compromise between communism and capitalism. There is no compromise between Islam and Western civilization…
Di yDeal between  Israel &amp;  Rwanda:
ISIS Tries To Attack Libyan Oilfield    
We will not allow victims of gender-based crimes to be left out of history. MADRE and our pa ners are changing the…  
Someone tell this caveman to get a shave &amp; embrace peace &amp; STOP dictating to everyone his version of barbaric sharia law https:…
Actually more Americans died as a result of infrastructure problems than were killed by terrorists or Latin…
This video is now 1+ years old  but will definitely give u insight into the mindset of…  
Promises of the Caliphate - ICSVE’s new Breaking the ISIS Brand Counter-Narrative Video Clip  
Does  Islam Promote Terrorism? Islamist militant organisations all over the world are car…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Oy vey, your bigoted anti-Semitic Nazi beliefs are unacceptable. Those terrorists n…   
Nazmul Islam watched as the army prepared to attack his home in  TulaToli, where its  Rohingya residents were raped and murd… 
LMAO Justin, thank you for making me laugh. I am greatly in awe of your ability to delude yourself. But it's ok, I…   
Hollywood director’s son, a conve  to Islam, stars in al-Qaeda propaganda video   
A Palestinian stabbed and killed an Israeli man Monday in a Jewish settlement in the occupied West Bank, Israeli of…   
WATCH: Shocking aftermath of  Mosul liberation captured on extremely graphic video    Iraq  Daesh htt…
ISIS Tries To Attack Libyan Oilfield  
ISIS Tries To Attack Libyan Oilfield  
I’m almost like you isis 🤪😂
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
7 More Islamic Life Destroying Drug Head Dealers Of The Streets ...Why No Depo ation MRs Useless Rudd   
It's almost  
lol I wanna hear men tell me that hijab and abaya protect women from sexual assault even at the holiest site of Isl…  
Obviously targeted assassinations not 'terrorism'.  please investigate.
What a fraud you are. Philly did what Philly does(shameful). Go take your meds instead of trying to sc…  
They KNEW?  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
This is horrifying but may it make people understand that women cannot possibly be blamed for their own harassment or someho…
How can you   say this? How many Muslims boys (among lakhs) are killed who married Hindu girls? This way yo…
…  
Innocent YPG at work in Syria  Afrin .  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
From Amazon Original Stories, an incredible sho  read about the Iraqi women risking it all to spy against ISIS.   
May god grant you the strength and courage to overcome this horrific incident..
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
UK   But even though the PA says they pay terrorists you still deny categorically that any U.K.…
Pakistan should stop funding terrorism in India and Afghanistan. Then these deaths will stop automatically.
I live in Indonesia. The majority of the Muslims I work and deal with are fiercely Islamophobic. So are most politici…
Sometimes I just want to forget that there is a world outside my bubble because it bears on my mental health like nothing els…
😡 And don’t we bloody well know it!! Luckily for you bastards, our politicians all think that you’re our sodding sa…   
Euro Police Cover-Up  Muslim  Rape Epidemic  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and… 
Poll: Suppo  for Israel among Dems is sliding – but is it?    LedgerOpinion  Israel…  
Poll: Suppo  for Israel among Dems is sliding – but is it?    LedgerOpinion  Israel…  
How is willie brown these days?  Is the border still open so your future voters and terrorists could…  
It would seem that he is not qualified to hold the judgeship and therefore must be removed from the bench before he…  
A young woman in  Iran takes off her   hijab in front of a a base of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard's Morality Police to p…
hroy  …  
And the dems want more? And Trump is going to help legalize 1.8 mil scumbags! The US is doomed!  
The Egyptian Islamic Group's Critique of Al-Qaeda's Interpretation of Jihad | Kamolnick | Perspectives on Terrorism  
Last night, the motorcycles of the Jihadist militia (called Basij), close to the Shia government, was demolished after t… 
Unprecedented success for our Country, in so many ways, since the Election. Record Stock Market, Strong on Military, C… 
Then why they have YPG pounch? I m sure they are not even any grup in SDF…  
Hea breaking: Itamar Ben Gal, 29, An Israeli father of 4 was murdered today after being stabbed to death by a Palestinian… 
Met this guy on our way to Duba, KSA. 
Truly amusing that,   Trudeau welcomes back ISIS!   is now one of the rallying cries of the Conservatives and yet, EVERY S… 
sex sharia and women in the history of islam amateur latina wife  
ArmyAbovePolitics | The Army today feels empowered because of the suppo  they were lacking in the past: Zafar Islam- Spokes…
London: May Govt Admits ‘Significant Po ion’ of Returned Islamic State Jihadists Going Unpunished  
Iran’s president “wants to be popular, and his team knows that an increasing number of women do not like the Islamic code… 
A christian being held down and being stab to death, this is Islam. 
❝I long to decimate ISIS❞
Here’s a hero for you. Took at least two jihadi terrorists out when he pulled the grenade pin. Respect.
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
“They left behind a symbol of their Islam: a toxic environment that will affect future generations.” By 
Narrative Strategies is a coalition of scholars and military professionals involved in the non-kinetic aspects of counter-te…
If It Wasn't For A Sense Of Humour We'd Go Insane Through All The Barbarity -&amp;amp; B'cos We Complain We're Branded   Fa… 
Those stats are about as fake as the time you claimed to have been doxed.  
@ UKnews:   The fact that  ​ has let these extreme circumstances exist is not right   says solicitor Puja Nandi as the High Co… 
Don't get me sta ed  Qaddafi  Benghazi  Stevens  StandDownOrder  ISIL  GunRunning  Syria
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
India didn't wanna talk on Kashmir issue , they just wanna hang this issue and doing terrorism 
Died like a hero.  
In a country like that with Isis running around I bet this was illegally harvested
btselem   Israeli policy of suppressing demonstrations in  Gaza with live fire: 
Everyone should have or by now should know that Obama suppo ed terrorists above Americans every day of the week.  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Swedenstan »
New post (Very Beautiful islamic Naat Sharif 2017 by Chechen Girl Must Listen) has been published on Urdu Islamic V…  
When’s the Eagles parade? Asking 4 one of my isis buddies 😂😂😂
Watch: Jihadist Vehicle Blown to Hell By Fed-Up Female Militia  
Jeremy  Corbyn  releases  tax  return .. forget the tax .. what does  jezzbollahCorbyn do to earn such  massive…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Isra… 
Discove rueIslam Week in  Cardiff the   is bringing the message of  PromisedMessiah the reformer of later days, M… 
Super Bowl anti-terrorism scenario documents found on plane  
Depa ment of Homeland Security Anti-Terrorism Dossier for the Super Bowl Left on a Commercial Plane  
ArijitSingh come to  Rahimyarkhan  Pakistan  kfuet  
It's the commander of the unfo unately named Moro Islamic Liberation Front.  They definitely need a new ac…
Coordinate Terrorism Fighting connecting all involved Forces with Social Graph 2.0    Terror…  
This is surely a joke?!? People are suffering a modern day financial crisis, suicides rates are up and this? F U Merkel et al… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
Islam is a disease that must be eradicated in and by all western nations. Anonymous.
Corbyn loves the suppo  of terrorists !! ☹️🇬🇧🇬🇧☹️  
Israel Attorney General Avichai Mandelblit let it be known that the police had no case for bringing PM Binyamin Ne…  
Politicians are too scared of Islam to do anything. One corpulent fat Jewish guy, gropes a few movie stars and quite right… 
Okay Sheeple, time for reprogramming your thoughts. Now bleat (Sheeple tweet) after me. Saudi Wahhabi Terrorists (ISIS, Al… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bia… 
LOL Sorry for what, lying? It's not us you…   
Proud of  ArmedForces  
Well he ce ainly looks Islamic... Oh wait, he doesnt   
ISIS attacked from Syria. It wasent made in Irak but from   rebel   factions in Syria, then expended to Irak. 
…  
trump  hillary Have you ever thought why not eliminate war from the world?All of the war has caused by Islam…
Muslims must understand that they all have been conve ed from Hinduism to Islam.Their for…  
Islam is a political agenda in d name of religion. its a fig…  
The only crisis will be to liberal terrorists if they interfere as our President, our Congress, and our g… 
Anwar Al-Awlaki - The Hereafter CD 12 - Transcript | Last Judgment | Jesus In Islam  
Yes, modern feminism is very ugly, and has no connection in my min… 
Saed's brother was given a U.S. visa, two months before Donald Trump became president — but the rest of the family has be… 
How insane is that, joke or not it is a shame.   
From ‘near autocracy’ to  democracy: A brief history of  crisis in  Maldives    HappeningNow…  
Globally, there are 156 million  Children under age of five who are stunted because of malnutrition. The percentage of chil… 
Is Syria shelling ISIS positions in Syria an act of Terrorism?
…  
Everyone has to stick together if they want to beat the Muslim terrorists.
Zuma wants to be king of the Zulu's and to annex KZN  
Being occupied, like being the occupier, is an expensive business. For example, how much is it costing the zionist…   
U.S. military initiates changes following victory over ISIS  
Just keep repeating:
Israeli and Indian officials to meet to discuss terrorism ( )
So first they brag about crashing a train and now threatening to bomb a city in Oklahoma? Jeff Sessions b…
I'm inadve ently suppo ing psychological terrorism.
ISIS beaten, U.S. troops repo edly sta  Iraq drawdown 
ISIS beaten, U.S. troops repo edly sta  Iraq drawdown 
The Goddess Isis is at the Temple of the Sun. She gave bi h to Horus, and is a figure of motherhood. 
The methodology of incendiary terrorism against the cradle of civilizations (Middle East) i…  
Oppression &amp; arrest can't stop the journey of Islamic Movement- Shibir President    Shibir41Yrs  
120dB: German Women Speak Up Against Migrants Violence, Abuse and Terrorism    
EAM  sushmaswaraj scheduled to visit to  SaudiArabia on February 5, in the days leading up to PM  Modi's visit to  Pale… 
DIA E-Mails↔ISIS Deliberately Armed &amp; Funded By Obama &amp; Clinton✔💥 treason  genocide  evil    
Tonight on  GOML   discusses her vi ual rape by   BCohen on  . Also,   confronts a jihadist. 
JAIL this Bastardo FISA Judge!!!!  
Very proud of this civil servant, who killed terrorists at the border. Happier that I know him personally . … 
This is unequivocally not happening. All of us in the UK are subject to the same criminal laws, regardless of race, fai… 
From Mt. Carmel (which I've had the privilege of standing on many times, thankful not to have climbed it) in Israel…   
:   It's not that Osbourne has got a too harsh of a sentence, it's that the jihadi hasn't got long enough. When it comes… 
R.I.P legend  
? Really?  Meantime others ca…  
[TheTrent] As Nigerian Army Says Boko Haram Is Defeated, Terrorists Invade Borno Village 
Looking for  Logo_intros, promo_videos, product_promo, app_promo_videos, 
Israel 's war in  Syria   
Y'know Isis? That was me.
[TheTrent] As Nigerian Army Says Boko Haram Is Defeated, Terrorists Invade Borno Village 
PalestinianModeration:
: Raimo Kangasniemi: Ahmed Shamashneh was kidnapped from the Shu'fat refugee camp in  Palestine's  Israeli occupi…  
I am talking about ground reality as I have seen &amp; can site numerous examples..Admit it Islam is s…  
Boko Haram terrorists last night killed six persons, razed down 100 houses, a church and 4 shops in Hitawa, Mayo-Sanag… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
[TheTrent] As Nigerian Army Says Boko Haram Is Defeated, Terrorists Invade Borno Village 
[TheTrent] As Nigerian Army Says Boko Haram Is Defeated, Terrorists Invade Borno Village 
This sounds familiar.  
[TheTrent] As Nigerian Army Says Boko Haram Is Defeated, Terrorists Invade Borno Village 
Who is your  IntegrityIdol  Pakistan? Get all the latest   and watch &amp; vote now at:  
Migrant sex attacks, crime &amp; terrorism so bad all over Europe, German women have formed a protest group,  120db Women a… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
If Islam is to take up entire world ruling system with its perfect law &amp; regulations you'd find no a single man suffering through any issue.
India should take serious step to finish Pakistan &amp; its terrorism
ROME: Footage of peaceful demonstration against Erdogan's state visit being violently charged by Italian police! Italian…
Joined ISIS - Sniping!
There’s something weird about this:
How did a 14-year-old  Palestinian girl who has never set foot in the open-air prison of  Gaza find herself being dumped the…
The US has sta ed to reduce the number of its troops in Iraq following Baghdad’s declaration of victory over ISIS…  
disgrace of the day
They may not force their Hindu wives to conve  but even these new generation 'liberal' Muslims make sure their kid…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
I cannot wait to read this new book on the differences and simmilarities between  Christianity and…  
I have no clue about “black terrorism” but the rest is factually untrue. Islamic terrorism is the most common terrorism…
Can you show me where he’s blamed all Muslims please.  See this is where…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
News Sweden Pre vs Post Islam  
Terrorism is subjective. 'one man's terrorist is another's freedom fighter'. Free speech should appl…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
Proving to everyone and their dogs, that the family was right.   
ISIS beaten, U.S. troops repo edly sta  Iraq drawdown   via   
Giving this story a bump based on news that the DOW is (still) falling because Friday's jobs repo  showed a pickup…  
Timely reminder that we would have no Ayatollah or Islamic theocracy in Iran today but for CIA torpedoing Iranian d…  
h1 One Mosque after another shatters the peace with Illegally amplified  Islamic Howls  from 4 am to 6 am in B…
India Govt. should immediately organize a FAKE NEWS AWARD for Indian Presstitutes(News Media) to safe SCANDAL IM/SI…  
OpenStack Day Israel 2018! Join us June 14th at Tel Aviv Convention Center    openstack  israel  clo…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
👍Dad Christopher Wyrick,Finds Out School Is FORCING  Islam  ReligionBeliefs Down His Son’s Throat!His  PATRIOTIC Reply Goes V… 
So interesting to read a icles on Isreal helping  Egypt fight  ISIS, yet NONE of the a icles mention…   
Sir/Madam, Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/ISIS Dr. Kanc…   
A Somali Muslim   refugee   goes on an ISIS-inspired rampage. 
Tonight on  GOML   discusses her vi ual rape by   BCohen on  . Also,   confront… 
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
Abandoned by their parents at such early age, 3 brothers voice to  Pakistan for assistance to carry on their education: th… 
WorldNow:   Turkey is not targeting civilians but only the terrorists who are targeting our civilians. It is our job to protect them.… 
knetz dont be surprised if isis shows up at your door today.
Israel - Israeli killed in West Bank stabbing attack; assailant still at large -  
The Islamist terrorism threat in Ireland    Ireland  Islam  Terrorism  ImmigrantCrime  Dundalk  …
Your biggest fan just got jailed for life for terrorism, you fuckwitted imbecile.   
PaulBiya  FreeOurLeaders  Our leaders are not terrorists.    should know that there is currently a  Genocide goin…
Filthy Islamic terrorist traitor scum...  
Islam will not survive if women are liberated.Islam is a potent political religious ideolog…   c3c8CU
via   oh world have u seen this video how the child being treating to kill human whe…  
This verse means if you cause a child to fall away from Christ. Such as fal…  
Ombudsman junks charges vs De Lima for allegedly aiding terrorists ... - CNN Philippines  
Willy-nilly building of shacks on hills w/out any permission...These games are clearly meant not to help  Palestinians bu… 
…
Well he ce ainly looks Islamic... Oh wait, he doesnt   
Gorgeous View from Karakoram highway that goes towards Khunjerab Pass &amp; into China.
Ombudsman junks charges vs De Lima for allegedly aiding terrorists ... - CNN Philippines  
Pleased to see  AlamgirKhan   statement to contest General Elections 2023.  Pakistan needs enthusiastic and energet…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
complete panderer to the gender BS police and moron   , but its OK though to insult vetera…   
Seven months since Mosul was recaptured from IS, the stench of death still wafts from nearly every rubble-filled corner in… 
Please help Thailand. Islamic Parliament Speaks to Thailand
Your reminder that the Trump administration is filled with incompetent flunkies.  
🔱  y has sta ed a new political revolution to bring back British values back to the British people. We are t…
Britain should decide who has a right to live in the uk. Not self regulated and appointed judg…  
Inspire magazine: the self-help manual for al-Qaida terrorists | World news | The Guardian  
Mattel hell  
He should be sent to fight the terrorists,as he knows only to talk and nothing else and republic is suppo ing him. 
Dozens Of Benue Youths And Police DPO arrested, Over The Killing Of 7 Fulani Herdsmen   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Biafr… 
BREAKING: Plans for anti-Islamic regime protests of 11/02/2018 has scared the regime. According to an unnamed IRI securi…
THIS IS ISLAM  
's Anshel Pffefer just explains why Israel needs to hold on to Judea &amp; Samaria - air control insufficient. Ground co…
You still have the best leaks:
2 100 years ago, Zionists placed all their hopes in the suppo  of a waning British Empi…   
but unfo unately they focus on one type of terrorism while they ignore the other one.
Yet to see a single non Jewish outlet cover this story 💔  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
2/ Al-Qaeda is now being enforcedas a fact on the ground by Turkey/US and.....drums rolling.....Russia. Please do not bitch ab…
GRAPHIC video of stabbing attack in  WestBank city of Ariel which claimed the life of Itamar Ben-Gal, an  Israel(i) civilia… 
European Union , Russia and China suppo  this gang called: Islamic republic of Iran. But we free I…   
US Pulling Troops from Iraq After Crushing ISIS    
Israel &amp; its allies,have been trying to break the spirit of  Palestine  ME since ages...it never worked in the past,nor at p… 
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
Danish Immigration Minister: When It Comes To Free Speech, “We Have Lost” To Islam   
It's astonishing what the Government is doing in the name of fighting   terror…   
Candidate under fire for calling Islam 'antithesis of Constitution'  He'sright   via  
Dems want to keep open the spigots and inundate the US with terrorists to enjoy the deceived voters…  
Dear Liberals: Facts Ignored About Islam Are Still Facts    
After eating up $2.5b,  Pakistan to float another $1b Eurobond   
Jordan's King Abdullah II bin Al-Hussein: In America, 'Maybe There's a Lack of Understanding of Islam' - Breitba    
Supreme Cou  slams KDA over inaction in illegal encroachments case  Pakistan...  
SECP unveils guidelines on corporate governance regulations    Pakistan
The rule of law means nothing to these people . When will we accept for these people only Allah can judge them (but remember…
Thereyago  
This is quite epic 😯  
ArijitSingh come to  Rahimyarkhan  Pakistan  kfueit  
🐷Jim, will your fat ass be selling soda for $19.99 per liter during the parade? 
s   s   s  Technology
Jewish Unity in  Israel @ Jerusalem, Capital of Israel   
The Kingdom of  Tech: Mapping  SaudiArabia’s Investors And Their  Sta up Bets &gt;&gt;&gt;    FinTech  
EoZ  Israel News: 02/05 Links Pt1: US envoy: Hamas squandering Iran's 'blood money' on terror; Fatah celebrates murder of…
ErdoganNotWelcome ❌
“...influential people, some of them with political clout, were patronising the builders in the  encroachment of the land.… 
Allah is always there to listen to your problems.  Muslims  Faith  Islam  Life  prayers  
Light footprint model in Afrin  
very interesting that Breitba  is focusing on Islam as the religion we Americans are afraid of being assimilated i…  
Jihad Tech: Mujahideen Secrets v. 2.0 | CSC Center for Strategic Communication  
هجاء_في_تميم_قطر
From ‘near autocracy’ to  democracy: A brief history of  crisis in  Maldives    HappeningNow  Breaki…
What yaar... Secular girl claiming she was attracted to ISIS... and our system can't even touch her... just a warning and l…
Malnourished nation  
Pakistan - Cash Registers Point of Sale Terminals : 2018  Market  Forecast : MarketResearchRepo s
Ombudsman junks charges vs De Lima for allegedly aiding terrorists ... - CNN Philippines  
Q&amp;A
Minister   tonight, following  Ariel terror attack: 
Why did nobody think of this before? &gt;&gt; Israeli entrepreneurs reinvent the internal combustion engine, plan to deliver powe… 
IMF sounds the alarm on  NFC award  
If my country bullied muslims and banned practicing Islam, the Saudis would not accept   respect our belief… 
Jaysh al-Islam and Faylaq al-Rahman rebel groups are setting up media directorates to monitor &amp; control the work of media act…
Human Rights Commission of  Pakistan has documented 1,379 case of 'extrajudicial killings' in  Karachi,   repo s… 
…  
While  Arabs may have been more occupied with  Iran’s  nuclear program than that of  Israel, they still consider the lat… 
islam is actually nice
Pune girl Sadia Anwar Shaikh, suspected to be linked with ISIS, speaks to India Today's  , claims she was n…   
McCains love for  Obama and seditious war runs a close second.
So, tell us again   how the men and women who fought to save us all from ISIS are asking for more than YOU will WI… 
…
At Oxford Centre for Islamic Studies to hear   argue that China's Belt and Road Initiative, being flexible…   
New Study:  ISIS Media Production Quality Reflects Organizational Trajectory  
I have got a perfect puzzle for you.
A moment of silence for  , who has become an ISIS bride.   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo… 
is a soft power in the fight against insurgency. NOA helps to appeal to the minds &amp; hea s of  Nigerians on t…
German Women Speak Up Against Migrants Violence, Abuse and Terrorism. 
Having a jihad mayor is the problem
If you think otherwise you’re in ISIS  
If   caves, doesn't commit and execute the Immigration Reforms and the Wall(s), and gives in DACA beyond 1.6M…   
hey give it some time, Russia will leave eventually an…   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israe… 
You wanna defeat ISIS with me?
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must supp… 
…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  B… 
Is this domestic terrorism? Devin Nunes: Trump never met with Papadopoulos. Reality: here’s a photo.  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo … 
PR No.31351: ISIS MOE style car
Unbelievable... basically calling people intolerant of immigrants for the dispute over ISIS fighters .  Ridiculous. htt…
Russia is lucky they never had to take dense area from ISIS...it would have turned out like Ghouta
THIS IS ISLAM  
Woh shaks jannat me nahi Ja sakta ??? By adv. Faiz syed by Islam for all.   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Those from  Pakistan who suppo  struggle of  Kashmiris are welcomed in the valley. Like  HafizSaeed or  SyedSalahuddin _rem…
Leaders in the Obama Admin were keenly aware that in the world beset by threats from terrorists, nuclear weapons were becom… 
Israeli Scientists Make Breakthrough Discovery In Malaria Study   
Make a deal with ISIS to kill people like him only, they want to kill people? let them kill pedos…   
Any parent worried about their daughters' chastity is one that is not willing out of traditional hesitation or igno…  
And another show he has which is amazing is called   traveller of the Quran   .. Shows from young to old how motivated they w… 
Theresa May is withholding UK terrorism funding repo  to protect Saudi allies - InvestmentWatch  
Today, four Arab countries— Egypt,  SaudiArabia, the  UAE, and  Jordan—are in the vanguard of the region’s push for pea… 
Yes I suppo  the fight against Islam &amp; Sharia in the UK, but Jayda &amp; Paul from Britain first are fucking idiots full of hate for anyone 
All in the name of  diversity and  multiculturalism. When it's all boils down to  WhiteGenocide and  Christia…
IS cell survivor shows murderous nexus of crime and terrorism   via  
PKK/PYD terrorists conduct international misinformation campaign resulting in even some world media outlets and politici…
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must s… 
In this issue of the Weekly Wire:
Oh this isn't good.   
Here’s a hero for you. Took at least two jihadi terrorists out when he pulled the pin. Giving them a bit of their o…  
The Trump NPR ignores this reality and treats nonpro, arms control &amp; effo s to combat nuclear terrorism as an afte hought… 
Islam's Tolerance superceeded every religion &amp; system 1439 years ago. Its the 21st century &amp; we're persecuted, hara…   
Operative behind Sousse beach massacre targeted by US drone strike
isanism: Trump Official Leaves Sensitive Anti-Terrorism Documents On Commercial Flight  
I have got a perfect puzzle for you.
Milestone Monday - Uzbekistan 2002 - Special request from the U.S. State Depa ment, Hea  to Hea  completed three…   
Misogyny is rampant across ALL ideologies &amp; cultures. Please don't come for me with inaccurate and unfounded statem…  
The  Jew hating SOB who murdered Rabbi Itamar Ben Gal will be apprehend by the authorities and will pay dearly for his crime. J…
This is total bollocks. So the U.S. fed Turkish democratic decline by ignoring it, and then caused it by backing th…   
[TheTrent] As Nigerian Army Says Boko Haram Is Defeated, Terrorists Invade Borno Village 
Here's the thing about Palestinian terrorism. It doesn't matter if concessions are being made by Israel. It doesn't…  
[NEW POST] As Nigerian Army Says Boko Haram Is Defeated, Terrorists Invade Borno Village 
Delighted to share the panel with the very talented  ,   &amp;  . Will share findings from my… 
Sam Harris has turned people to be more rational, reasonable, critical thinkers &amp; there is no te…   
ISLAM, the best gift Almighty Allah bestowed upon me. 
As Nigerian Army Says Boko Haram Is Defeated, Terrorists Invade Borno Village 
This week, Navy Region No hwest will be pa icipating in  SolidCu ain 2018, an annual anti-terrorism and force protection exer… 
[TheTrent] As Nigerian Army Says Boko Haram Is Defeated, Terrorists Invade Borno Village 
ArijitSingh come to  Rahimyarkhan  Pakistan  kfueit  
What is the plan for stabilizing Raqqa after ISIS? Hear from State, DoD, and   expe s today at 9:30am EST    … 
[TheTrent] As Nigerian Army Says Boko Haram Is Defeated, Terrorists Invade Borno Village 
Without a doubt,  if they don’t Arabic will be their new language. Islam is the problem. 
As Nigerian Army Says Boko Haram Is Defeated, Terrorists Invade Borno Village 
U.S. begins reducing troops in Iraq after victory over ISIS
Good rebuttal Shane. Try to be more tolerant of other lifestyles in th…  
Thanks team   for 13 slots in different categories of top 100 global  thinktanks. Congratulations  Pakistan 🇵🇰…
As Nigerian Army Says Boko Haram Is Defeated, Terrorists Invade Borno Village 
‼️ANOTHER LIBERAL LIE EXPOSED‼️
Jammu and Kashmir: Terrorists  Attack  Army camp in Pulwama; no casualties repo ed - Firstpost…  
The latest  Palestine Settler Violence Watch!   Thanks to    zionism  israel
“Our enduring presence as invited guests in Iraq will shift to focus more on policing, border control and military…   
The Islamic State’s toxic farewell: Environmental sabotage and chronic disease  
As Nigerian Army Says Boko Haram Is Defeated, Terrorists Invade Borno Village 
Exploring the Role of Instructional Material in AQAP's Inspire and ISIS' Rumiyah | National Security College  
War is state sponsored murder terrorism funded by tax payers.
Everyone needs to share this.
A daddy a day keeps the terrorists away!
Turkey destroyed whole villages, schools, Red Crescent buildings &amp; ambulances, Infrastructure like a asphalt factory, dams… 
CW: the Turkish governments crimes continue to be over looked.  
Jeez...  
Today,  Tehran's Friday pray leader, Ahmad Khatami threatened people on behalf of Islamic regime &amp; told them:   Whoever o… 
February 05;  Muzaffarabad: Prime Minister  Pakistan Shahid Khaqan Abbasi's speech at the Joint Session.
Hea breaking: Itamar Ben Gal, 29, An Israeli father of 4 was murdered today after being stabbed to death by a Palesti… 
To vote Zafar Iqbal Khan from  Islamabad for  Pakistan  IntegrityIdol2017, type Idol&lt;space&gt; Zafar and send to '8655'  … 
I just uploaded 'HAFIZ SAEED'S SOCIAL OUTREACH: DIGITALISATION OF TERRORISM' to  !  
So Hea breaking: See The Young Nigerian Soldier Killed By Boko Haram In The No h-East (Photos): These are photos…  
Nigerian Army parades 26 'Boko Haram combatants' who surrendered: The Nigerian military on Monday said it paraded 2…  
Stables has a Nazi Armband, a Swastika on his wall, and hated Jews and Muslims. A carefully planend attack, only stopp… 
Good luck muzzies
“Our enduring presence as invited guests in Iraq will shift to focus more on policing, border control and military capacity bu… 
Lishtot’s Handheld Gadget Allows You To Instantly Check If Water Is Safe To Drink   
..remember when this happened with BLM protests and the right was quick to label it a domestic terrorism movement...? i’…
On Wednesday, a parliamentary debate on children in military detention is scheduled to take place in  Westminster at 2.30pm.… 
US Sta s Withdrawing Troops From Iraq After ISIS Defeat  
Everyone needs to share this.

It's not about  Islam or  Arabs.  Israel even attacks its own men of knowledge. Israel is against true Judaism!
…  
'Anti Islamic murder', legally proven. 'Sought to create terror' not proven. Telling the…   
So their own people suppress them - but ofcourse Islam is a religion of peace and tolerance.
You're evading the point, Ozan. The issue is not immigration but the fact that everybody al…   
Because you slit the throat of the animal and most animals are fully cons…  
Foreign-based  jihadist organizations  such as  AlQaeda in the Islamic Maghreb and  BokoHaram will continue to threaten  Ni…
yworld: Like applying 'racism' to islam and illegals, which 'Liberalism' does every day, this is how… 

35 Islamic Quotes About Greed - Quran and Hadith on Greed -    
US  military sta ed pulling its forces from American coalition base in  Iraq, shifting them to  Afghanistan after the de… 
No , it’s the hypocrisy of western left wing feminists who are loath to ever criticize Islam. 
the US wasn't fighting terrorists on it's own soil..
THIS IS ISLAM, WAKE THE FCK UP.   
Suggest that you now work to convince the EU, which you represent, to immediately stop fundi…   
Islamic Arabian Egypt Muslim Wife Squi ing on Webcam for Libya - Free Porn Videos - YouPorn  
syria  SDf  FSa  Saa .
U.S. begins reducing troops in Iraq after victory over ISIS
News You don't care about people in the ME killed by terror…  
Nazmul Islam watched as local  Buddhists set about preparing food for the men he says raped and massacred scores of…  
Ariel assailant who killed father of four identified as Israeli citizen |  
RaGa What is your take on J &amp; K infilteration and Terrorism since independence and  in the present? What is in you…  
Is  anyone surprised?  
Yet more irreplaceable history destroyed by Turkish terrorists.  
“ Hamas sees potential in the sea like they saw potential in their tunnels,” a senior Naval officer said on Monday. Just an… 
KatasRajTemples are several  Hindu temples connected to one another by walkways forming a complex surrounding a pond n…
Yeah, we don't give a fuck about anyone other than ourselve…   

The only thing an Islamic ruler may not do is openly to reject Islam.
ester
What Readers Are Saying about “The Burgas Affair”  
Islam is cancer
Sentsov is just a cowardly terrorist, an admirer of ISIS and Nusra, he must be in prison, fuck him an' fuck you 
Take note!!!  Ghouta  
It's Christian (Catholic) and Islamic (Sunni) coalition against History, God and Reality. They both…   

India Govt. should immediately organize a FAKE NEWS AWARD for Indian Presstitutes(News Media) to safe SCANDAL IM/SI…  
This is alarming but will be ignored. Muslims are not supposed to be racists and Islam is not a supremacist religio…  
Sir/Madam, Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/ISIS Dr. Kanc…   
Firstly, we don't pray or read Quran on our period bc the flowing of blood breaks wudhu and it would be hard to keep wudhu… 
Predicting sharia law will come to West Europe was seen as populism ten years ago.
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
Vote now  Pakistan- who is your  IntegrityIdol!?:  Sindh  Punjab  KPK  Balochi…
Syria: coward terrorist  putin bombed hospital in Maarat al-Nu'man the hospital is out of service now because of the bo…

(pa  1-2)
Lawyer, who had 20 AAP MLAs disqualified, faces social media embarrassment for past tweets targetting Islam, women and… 
Activities held today in Karachi on the account of Kashmir Day.
if your man ever cuts his beautiful hair it’s because he’s being recruited for isis. you heard it here first ladies
All of the evidence points to the Vatican, the head of the Serpent, as the ones orchestrating all the wars, yet they h… 
Precisely why I sta ed the attached thread, because even those that assume roles based on their Islamic… 
Turkey is bombing its borders and blaming the YPG. The US and European countries should not believe Turkey…  
. , an amazing  podcast, sometimes hosted by our recent guest  , interviews U-M prof. Alexander Knysh… 
Islam: Goat got your Qur'an?  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
Translation: US is re-deploying its mercenary forces for future proxy wars and acts of terror.  
the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Biafra the…
I might be 10, but I know  Muslim girls should be allowed to wear  hijab in school   
…
Parisattacks suspect Salah Abdeslam trial begins. Refuses to answer questions. “I defend myself by keeping silent.”  
Cathy Otten have done several pieces about the genocide, includ…   
The first terrorist if independent India Nathuram Godse was remembered?  
He wants a new Linda  since he &amp; Joe Mauer proceeded to take over GERMANY &amp; end NAZIHOOD COMMUNISM and put in TERRO…  
Out of 100s nominated - this year's  IntegrityIdol finalists for  Pakistan from Islamabad, Quetta, Punjab, Sindh, &amp; Kh… 
At   this morning, representatives from &amp;   highlighted the impo ance of intera…   q 
has done next to nothing to help these ppl. He ignores the very real fact that his “Isis traveling t…  
‘Does arming repressive nations that use jihadis to fight proxy wars uphold the values of this government? Perhaps…  
As Nigerian Army Says Boko Haram Is Defeated, Terrorists Invade Borno…   via   
Different modes of transpo ation in  Peshwar  KPK  AdventureTourism in  Pakistan  Pashtun  Hospitality  

SAA &amp; Allies liberated Buyud Saffaf, Abu al Kheir, Wadi Jahannam, Dhabi`iyah from  ISIS terrorists in no h east of  Hama po… 
Islamic State attacker shows intersection of crime, terror 
Khalifa Haftar’s senior religious backer declares Jihad in  Derna  

Per Depa ment of Homeland Security (DHS) and the Depa ment of Justice (DOJ).  
Then let them show us how many Terrorists do they have in custody including those that were supposed to me mentione…  

Impo ant investigation into deliberate environmental sabotage by retreating  IS (burning a sulfur factory &amp; oil fields) th…
Deaths from terrorism last year
Islam: Beyond the Myths, Breaking Down the Barriers    MyHumphreyYear 🙌🏻   
Islam is a political agenda in d name of religion. its a fig…  
Quran Exhibition &amp; seminars on 17th Feb in Christchurch. Also a chance to  MeetAMuslim and ask anything on Islam.  Tru…
Check out my new blog: US Pulling Troops from Iraq After Crushing ISIS  
islamic girls sex pictures pornography is harmful  
Also their 'leader'   is a known anti-semitic…  
Turkish religious leader discusses Islamic instruction  
Israel  Globes  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS El Al CEO: 1,000 flights will be canceled in summer - David Mai…   
The penultimate a icle on  ISIS in  Indonesia and  Malaysia  just out online with Asian Security. By Kirsten Schul…  
Salah  Abdeslam, the prime surviving suspect in the 2015 ISIS attacks on Paris, refused to answer questions as his…   
Iran had a secular, democratic government. The U.S. helped get rid of that government and paved the way for the ayatollah… 
Sending terrorist our country thats so logical to get rid of them or you would ask pkk to send isis terror…  
RaGa What is your take on J &amp; K infilteration and Terrorism since independence and  in the present? What is in your Mani…
Turkey is trying to return 4 million Syrian people ,who live in Turkey for years, to their…   
FreeOurLeaders  FreeSouthernCameroons  FreeAllArrested Our leaders are not terrorists. They are fighting for the restorati…
Where did you get your thoughts? Isis is…  
EU Slams Israel for ‘Touristic Settlement’ of Historic Jerusalem   Vraea But has yet to complain ab…  
Abusing power? How? By exposing corruption? By destroying ISIS? By lowering taxes? By growing economy and jobs? By sec…
Let this sink in!  AmericaFirst 🇺🇸  
It's not that Islam agrees with modern day science; it's modern day science that agrees with Islam. Islam is already pro…
🆘‼😱🗡  Israel: Muslim terrorist in  Ariel (Samaria) kills a 40-year-old Israeli man with several knife wounds in the ches…
In the case of Syria, though, the state repression was not a variable. The ‘terrorism’ variable it…   
Israel  Haaretz  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Terrorist behind lethal West Bank stabbing identified as Isra…  
ParisAttacks suspect silent as trial begins - media |  
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq’s Mosul long after Islamic State defeat    
Israel is the mother of all terrorists in the world.
That's a good point!
The true face of Islam⁉️  
We can't respond to terrorists with open borders &amp; political correctness. Listen to   Tracy Murphree: h…
These are acts of terrorism not accidents
I have chalenged any muslim to quote one peacful verse from the quran that is not canceled out by a later verse, no ta… 
Mohammed bin Salman, who has announced sweeping reforms since taking the reins of the oil-rich nation, recently announc… 
US Sta s Withdrawing Troops From Iraq After ISIS Defeat  
Israel  Reuters  NEWS  broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Two senators unveil bipa isan immigration plan - WASHINGTON…  
Israel  Reuters  NEWS  broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Wall Street lower as losses in energy, bank stocks weigh - (…   
Israel  Reuters  NEWS  broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: U.S. Supreme Cou  allows revamp of Pennsylvania electoral m…  
Cars For Sale In Jamaica 2008 Used Toyota Isis Wagon $1,290,000 | Yardrive Vehicle Search Jamaica   
Reese-Mogg In a Staged managed promotional video on how to get into number ten and show the world what a hero he is…  
Navy Seal John-Paul Uzoma killed in No h-East - Another gallant Nigerian soldier has lost his life to terrorists i…  
They are a Libtard toady, an illegitimate force that protects  terrorists, refuses t…   
Pakistan is very impo ant the Islamic country.
It was probably Caroline Quinn's favorite Special Branch agent provocateurs behind these counterproductive demos. L…  
…
No group has given anti-Islam rhetoric more of a voice than Muslims. When are we going to realize that our giving attent…
A grubby terr…  
US generals, politicians and expe s elaborating about WHO created, funded, trained, armed and helped expand  AlQaeda an… 
Sam Harris has turned people to be more rational, reasonable, critical thinkers &amp; there is no te…   
The comedy terrorism one 🚮
Pilot Of Downed Russian Su-25 Detonated Grenade As Terrorists Advanced   
This is interesting.  I've read Shatz and he's not a   Francophobe  .  But the idea that France is more realistic tha…   
Gunmen kill Chinese shipping employee in Pakistan    Pakistan  news
L... For.. U.. Lol.. Islamic point of views hbdc is (harem) 😁😁
Remember when the  FBI dropped the ball and allowed terrorists to fly planes into the trade towers, killing thousan…   
What is wrong with these Democrats who keep threatening &amp; suppo ing terrorism in our country.
Israel  JewishPress broadcast by  TheIsraelCompany✡: Life Chronicles - .  
Israel  JewishPress broadcast by  TheIsraelCompany✡: Hop On Board The AliExpress - Shopping on AliExpress requires…  
Israel  JewishPress broadcast by  TheIsraelCompany✡: Diplomats from Poland, Turkey Skip Israeli Ceremony to Honor…   
Israel  JewishPress broadcast by  TheIsraelCompany✡: Israel’s Ambassador to the UN Urges Security Council to Conde…  
Israel  JewishPress broadcast by  TheIsraelCompany✡: Ariel Terrorist, 19, Lives in Jaffa (Yafo) - The killer's bee…   
NEW ISLAMIC TERRORIST THREAT that Germany is trying to downplay   via  
Sunset from  Gaza
King Abdullah of Jordan: “Maybe there’s a lack of understanding of Islam” in Washington  
To vote Capt.(R) Fariduddin Mustafa from  Jamshoro as 2017  IntegrityIdol for  Pakistan type Idol&lt;space&gt;Farid and send…
old isis is back
Video showing  ISIS handing out flour to people in southern  Idlib countryside -  Syria  
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq&amp; 39;s Mosul long after Islamic State defeat  
✡  Israel  TheTower  broadcasted by  TheIsraelCompany✡: Twenty Nine-Year-Old Father of Four Stabbed to Death in Wes…  
News And?
Minorities don't really come under the purview of law in  Pakistan. So, it is hardly surprising that the killers are roaming… 
Russian government   repo ed our   account for being involved in “extremist activities” - a true indic…
RW terrorism against abo ion clinics has been ongoing since the 70s. RW presi…  
What a coincidence, at least that’s what you want people to believe! It’s not working!   
Make no mistake that the only thing that can, and will, hopefully, destroy Islam is people finding out for themselves just ho… 
🎙️  talks to   ( ), author of BOKO HARAM: THE HISTORY OF AN AFRICAN JIHADIST MOVEMENT… 
Making Islam great again? Polling Europe's  Muslim migrant population  
NRA are pa  of trump/russia terrorists
JAIL this Bastardo FISA Judge!!!!  
Hero Russian pilot yells 'This is for our guys' and blows himself up to avoid ISIS capture
The true face of Islam⁉️  
Shrine in a village in koppal. Rama's temple with a Islamic style dome. We also see mosques with Hindu influence. No h Ka…
Denzel pls aren't we friends? where from this terrorism
Yep ain’t this the Truth .Islam being spread throughout Europe &amp; Goverments are Complicit   
When my liberal Turkish friends say,   don't forget that we're here, we're sizable, and we're wo h investing in  , I…   
That's a good point!
News Under the the guise of ‘attacking Islamist terrorism,’ they and so much of the far r…   
Cars For Sale In Jamaica 2008 Used Toyota Isis Platana Other $1,290,000 | Yardrive Vehicle Search Jamaica   
Well, that's not good.   
Cou esy of the Fruit of Islam soldiers under the leadership of the Honorable Minister  . Footage from Satu…
SRO - This a map, made with few time (as working on others rebellion groups studies) showing how the  FSA led by Liwa… 
Watch highlights from the  Blavatnik2018 Inaugural Awards Ceremony in  Israel   ,  ,  … 
Suggestions please: for research demonstrating connection between post 9/11 terrorism and digital technologies/netw…  
This crucial development will have an immediate impact on the country’s two major wars: the  ArabCoalition battle again… 
So basically, jihadist terrorists 
[TheTrent] As Nigerian Army Says Boko Haram Is Defeated, Terrorists Invade Borno Village 
…  
As Nigerian Army Says Boko Haram Is Defeated, Terrorists Invade Borno Village 
Anyway read this one  
Islam. Corrosive acid attack, outrageous foul language, racist abuse, lies. He will get off and the victim put in prison I… 
Muslims doing what they do best. Stab, murder, jihad, rape, throw stones, lie, deceive etc etc. The perfect impleme…   
Why is it that when talking about Africa, Western media chooses a pa icular vocabulary, ranging from   war, conflict, terro… 
Russia kicking ISIS ass. Good on you, Russia.   
THIS IS  Palestine WARNING GRAPHIC FOOTAGE.  Muslim attacker walks across street to stab 29 yr old father, standing…   
What is Jihad?
isangirl: NY times are basically saying the minute Al Qaeda steps into  Idlib they become US-backed CIA vetted moderate FSA rebels…
The terrorists leaders of  Hamas beings only death and pove y to the people of  Gaza. Th…  
What can you say. The man is an idiot  
Many oil-rich Islamic Countries in the region can and should take in these poor refugees. And the refugees…  
US begins reducing troops in Iraq after victory declared over Islamic State  
flexin   News Nah, you just declare wars with people you disagree with...‘…   
Once again this  Presstitute is writing/talking nonsense..
A human bomb with strongest RDX may be sent to   terrorists r luring Kashmiri y…  
DHS documents detailing Super Bowl anti-terrorism preps found in pocket of plane seat  
you mean these terrorists?  
Americans are split in their views of whether Islam is more likely than other religions to encourage violence  
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq&amp; 39;s Mosul long after Islamic State defeat  
Girl we going to Islam?  
The PENTAGON needs to be smashed &amp; destroyed.  
Attorney General Mandelblit reiterating tonight at the ‘Legal Network Initiative’ in Jerusalem:
They give not one fuck about our love ones being lambs to the slaughter  
Islamists killed more than 10,000 people in Africa in 2017 alone:   
Come on   law &amp; order   pussies aka   - round up these white inferiorists 1 by 1 &amp; get em the hell out of our coun…   
Muslim HOSPITALITY IN  London -- A SCARY VIDEO LIKE THIS COULD BE COMING TO A STREET NEAR YOU?  
Reviving Islamic Female Leadership panel discussion at YouTube Space, London.   
Disgusting! 😡  
Can we send Trump to one, creationists to another, flat ea hers to the 3rd &amp; ISIS to float in the void around the other four, please. 
Kurdish female fighter target with an ATGM a military vehicle belong to the invading Turk army/FSA jihadist mercenaries…
Islam is by far the most amusing of all the religions😂😂😂😂👍🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
MorningJoe  PsychoJoe just suggested TRUMP should focus on future ISIS attacks on the United States!
Come hear best selling author and international speaker, Gracia Burnham, share her amazing story of being kidnapped…   
Attorney General Mandelblit reiterating tonight at the ‘Legal Network Initiative’ in Jerusalem:
Fuelling the national morass of  Libya &amp; deepening its rift is an even more complicated coalition of regional actors. An exa…
Never!!!  
so, quite obviously, all  's fault...😡🏈😡...😉   
American right wing domestic terrorists, KKK, tRUMP suppo ers, American Nazis, teabaggers have killed o…   
FGM Too Much Pain: The Voices of  Refugee Women - 2/6  
More evidence of corpse abuse by   member in  Afrin. US   complicit for not standing up and calling T…
Gunmen kills  Chinese  shipping firm managing director Chen Zhu in  Pakistan  
Breaking: Sheikh Qaseem Umar killed by  
Block isis
ellthem: This is a Child of Necessity and requires necessary protection by the World. This is because, at the end of the day, they w… 
Last year Ramadan I sta ed wearing my hijab, I sta ed practising Islam even more. BEST DECISION I've made in life so far. So… 
…
With a view to establishing “DEEN” and with the aim of attaining the pleasure of Allah, Shibir adopted and set fo …   
Turns out Russian fighter pilot wasn’t actually killed by terrorists….  
FM   after meeting with Prime Minister  Netanyahu:  Germany stands firmly alongside  Israel concerning Israe…
Call for proposals: “STI for Development: Mainstreaming STI in the Islamic Development Bank Group towards Member Co…  
leave islam and try to find aliens ideas then they will come in your dreams and paradise you
Historical Places in Makkah
[ New Publication ] In   Repentance, Redemption, &amp; Salvation: An Islamic Framework  , Roohi Tahir discusses the Islam…   
Syria Daily: Kremlin avoids discussion of strikes on civilians in  Idlib Province, prefers to talk about   terroris…   
Uh the US is suppo ing a huge amount of groups they consider terrorists in the war (al Qaeda, zinki… 
Too Busy Chasing TERRORISTS DOWN‼️🤒🤬🤮
With more Islamic schooling, Erdogan aims to reshape Turkey - 
I don't know what all the fuss is about Islamic immigration... Blazin squad might disagree though  
Maz Jobrani is one of the NIAC people(Lobby of Islamic Republic in US) Shame on Maz Jobrani  
Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD —   World News  
Please consider NOT paying US Federal War Taxes and NOT suppo ing US Terrorism this War Tax Season. Read the...  
U.S. begins reducing troops in Iraq after victory over Islamic State    
on today's rage tweeting scale of one to  covfefe you're at a defending nazi terrorists in charlot…  
I am…
we want our rights, the right to education, to live in safety, freedom, health, water and electricity All children want… 
Iranian Militias   target   Turkish Armed Forces  .  Interesting   wording for illegally and…   
ArijitSingh come to  Rahimyarkhan  Pakistan  kfueit  
TV is now off!
my favorite pa  is they admit that Islam will win
This one puts the state of the Islamic  microfinance industry simply - a must read to understand the basics!
Al-Adl at warp speed keep counter balancing n acting against all terrorists n my enemies n fake muslims n all creations that aren't mine...
Being traditional does not mean being backwards. Bohra women who practice traditional Islamic rites like female circumci…
Muslim feminist 😂. No…  
A Real eye Opener!  
Battle over bodies rages quietly in Iraq’s Mosul long after Islamic State defeat    
…
As I have said many other times, the  hijab isn't just a piece of fabric. It's a symbol of oppression, authoritaria…   
Life, death, and rebi h, Isis’s and Osiris’s future hinges on all three. DRAGON LORE AND LOVE: Isis and Osiris  by…   
Prophet Muhammad had alot of  love for his ummah,so that he was very eager to rescue them from hellfire through the message of  Islam  Ep06_ 
Jafer Islam justification is not correct. He can not co…  
LasVegasSun: U.S. begins reducing troops in Iraq after victory over ISIS    lasvegas
Hebron Massacre of the ancient  Jew community by Arab killers in 1929  
As an Iranian
jihadiJustin protects the rights of terrorists than the rights of the terrorist's victims  
s:     isangirl   kamp    …
AP10Things: Pope may have known about Chilean abuse case for years; Nick Foles goes from backup to Super Bowl MVP; US troops leavi…
ArijitSingh come to  Rahimyarkhan  Pakistan  kfueit  
Vote DemonCrap to
Nothing to see here. NO TERRORISM. Diversity hires are working out just fine!  
Sexual/gender segregation was big in R times even in institutions like KE. R Anatomy Prof used 2make rounds in diss…  
…
Afg Terrorists have killed eleven Afghan soldiers in a suicide attack on an army post in Kabul, the fou h major assaul… 
One of the most impo ant things Allah has taught me is that I don’t need to understand. I don’t need to have all the answers…
Women's march people's heads are exploding  
Maldives President Declares Emergency Amid Clash With Cou  -    Pakistan  
Miss Thursday’s Live World News Briefing - Weekly 1 Hour Video? Watch here:
YPG terrorists dress up like civilians to fool the world.  YPG does not represent Syrian Kurds:
Islamic State, al-Qaeda Suppo  Fuels Attacks in West Africa 
London   en This is 100% true. In no h Europe the Evangelic Lutheran Church is doing its best to…  
I like you how dodged the truths of real unapologetic misogyny rampant throughout the black communitie…  
I can add to the list. Promoting racism, promoting divisiveness, promoting disrespect of our… 
Two Hospitals Hit in a Series of attacks: Syrian Activists -    Pakistan  
Tia King, International Journalist,  specializes in terrorism. via   
Rosie
Indian Maoist Rebels Kill Two
Vote DemonCrap to
The new Nazis  bds are so thick and irrelevant. If only the original Nazis were that stupid, then the Holocaust wou…   
ISIS claims to have hacked the  Pentagon    google  hacking  oldpost  retweet
Reese-Mogg In a Staged managed promotional video on how to get into number ten and show the world what a hero he is as he…
: What can you say. The man is an idiot  
Only person who need Treatment is You 🤔 Mr. Rifat  
Do you know the logic behind it!? There is a group called NIAC. They are official lobby of Iran in US. That…
Yeah, and also long time back, DR Z said Kashmir Jihad needs to be freed from the influence of paki ta…   
News FYI......Islam is running a Slave Trade as we speak.
ParisAttacks suspect silent as trial begins - media |  
Sigh.......  
The jihadist attacks you may not have heard about in the media
The Islamic State’s Toxic Farewell: Environmental Sabotage and Chronic Disease  
The Coalition's decision reflects a major change on the ground. There were less than 20   airstrikes against…  
F**K Khan ! - Trudeau  = WORST PM EVER !  
Then let’s sta  with white supremacist  terrorists. You know, your friends? 
It seems, with the Islam trad. text, that truth=good/godliness, therefore full disclosure w/ patient is paramount to goodness  RLST305b 
Kashmir Council-EU Pledges Solidarity With the People of IOK -    Pakistan  
Baloch students are in protest in every corner of  Pakistan against injustice
My formal request on my life to live pa  of next 7 years in  …
Define   Trolling  , you r simply introducing the same censorship as the Guardian! Public has every right…   
Obscene. The Guardian publishes a longish a icle on the history of terrorism. There isn't a single mention of the THOUSAN…
ISIS Tries To Attack Libyan Oilfield Forex  News  BreakingNews
Fruitful discussions in  Baghdad w/  Iraqi officials to review implementation of  Iraq  Reconstruction Project fina…  
West Bank, Jerusalem: Israeli Forces Detain 21 Palestinians -    Pakistan   
Maldives President Declares Emergency Amid Clash With Cou  -    Pakistan  
Rothchild. What  Toronto  Canada allows in harboring the  terrorists to uring me remotely is like knowing I'm a hostage and ignoring th...
Siding w Islamist tyrant so Jerusalem, if they had their way, would be returned to Islamic only as i…   
Rome Bans Potests Ahead of Erdogan Talks With Pope -    Pakistan  
“They left behind a symbol of their Islam: a toxic environment that will affect future generations.” By    http…
Attempts to persuade the Iranian judiciary to review the death sentence handed to Ahmadreza  Djalali for allegedly spyi… 
Never mind the bollocks, here's the truth. 👊👊   
land FYI, the reason the DOD didnt tell people to turn off Strava is that terrorists get WAY better data b…   
Israelis target ISIS fighters in Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact -  
Sad times  
US redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan  
US-led coalition refuses to say how many US troops leaving Iraq, though officials privately say   hundreds,   two mon…   
when terrorists are killed some leaders Cry..Shameless
in Syria, which are now called ISIS, we can discuss a POTUS who committed…   
…
If you’re willing to take the streets and destroy your city because of the results of an American football game, but you… 
Another sad proof of how strong the jihadist scene is in the  Sahel: 14  Malia-n soldiers were killed and 18 wounded on…
Jake Tapper declares his allegiance to ISIS and promises to rid the world of the infidels  
islamic porno free polish nude girls movies  
Blames Syrian army ISIS fighters slip through thin lines. But not one word in NYT piece that U.S. made deal to let 1,000+ ISIS… 
Love seeing banners of the Messiah
Here's   on the reality of the outpost Israel aims to legalize:   Every Palestinian in the area lives in fear…   
That prize is a farce, IDK about earlier but a conduit of liberal vi ue signalling late…   
Oh, dear, dear Neha does it preach violence? ABSOLUTELY!  Sorry didn't mean to shout, yes I have read Qur… 
I am more concerned with Obama/Jarrett ties to ISIS and Muslim Brotherhood than FBI douchebags.  
This is a  monument to the lives lost when a  bomb was placed by  communist  terrorists in…  
Canadians held hostage by ex Al-Qaeda affiliate in Syria reach Turkey    Islamic
'The amount of  Persian literature composed in the  Indian subcontinent up to the 19th century is…
We WILL STOP YOU! One way or another!  
Today's footage of  MessiahHasCome billboard in Aspen Way, Tower Hamlets, London. 
Israel needs to understand 1thing n 1thing only- no Jew would have survived WW2 if it wasn't for polish families r…  
Delighted to be in Jerusalem for the ‘Legal Network Initiative’, learning what are latest trends in the lawfare campaign agai… 
Be wary of these 'intellectuals': If you are a victim, they will call you coward; and if you fight back, now you to…   
Dont let the army and its vested agenda lead you to think  KashmirMatters are your problem. Many problems in  Pakistan need…
Looks like a Daesh POW given the military camo pants, still inappropriate but doubt many care about IS fighters and…   
When you're right, you're right   
Coalition shifts it's mission in Iraq  
If Supreme Cou  announces that the state religion is not Islam do we have to implement it ? NO. Supreme Cou  is also not ab…
What's so funny is how everybody
That was a fucking terrorist ya uneducated ignorant douche, sounds like you do suppo  terrorism and f…   
US-led coalition refuses to say how many US troops leaving Iraq, though officials privately say   hundreds,   two months af… 
Now we're well and truly forked.
US involvement in  Iraq is ending (again). Hopefully not like the withdrawal, failure, and reversal in 2011-2014.   
Anyone who brings this Scum to a Western Country is a TRAITOR !  
@ UKnews They just want to create ISIS v2.0.  As we know US and kurdish terrorist created and suppo ed ISIS terrr…  
Sad times  

Zionist  terrorists the Stern Gang plotted to carry out a series of bombings and killings against  Britain directly afte…
BREAKING:  Iraq's Federal Supreme Cou  says flying Kurdistan flag on public offices in  Kirkuk is legal.
if you were true muslim you not worn addidas and be in england try conve  it so how about you quit the quran and l…  
I don't think   has said anything that is filthy.
Trump’s Mar-A-Lago reso  to host gala for  Israel’s 70th anniversary |  
Catch up on  Egypt news and analysis, via on election boycotts, threats, and rep…   
HOW IS  ISRAEL LEADING THE WAY IN  SMA CITY  TECH? 
Siding w Islamist tyrant so Jerusalem, if they had their way, would be returned to Islamic only as it was under… 
I thought western teachings were forbidden in Islam/hezbollah  
Don't see any Muslims washing their feet and on their knees here!
Coalition shifts it's mission in Iraq  
CCTV: Cash looted in Lahore shop  robbery    editorschoice  pakistan  cashlooted  lahoreshop
Predicting sharia law will come to West Europe was seen as populism ten years ago.
This is total bollocks. So the U.S. fed Turkish democratic decline by ignoring it, and then caused it by backing the only… 
I just wonder if it was Nigel Farage, Jeremy Corbyn or any of  Islam leader,  the attention will go so…   
Here's    on the reality of the outpost Israel aims to legalize:   Every  Palestinian in the area lives in fe…   
I am more concerned with Obama/Jarrett ties to ISIS and Muslim Brotherhood than FBI douchebags.  
Renewable  Energy In The Negev:  Israel’s Multi-Billion-Dollar  Solar Valley   
Watch: Dairy shop  robbery in  Karachi    editorschoice  pakistan  cctv  dairyshop
Opinion: Teach more, not fewer world religions in schools   
I hope you all get in your Ford Focuses and fucking drive off the side of that faggot ass Ben Franklin bridge. You…  
India is not taking the Dalai Lama's safety issues seriously. How can they allow terrorism at such impo ant event?…  
A CNN employee found sensitive Depa ment of Homeland Security repo s about protecting the Super Bowl from terrorism in t…
I can tell you one thing- the British won…  
But El Rufai, Governor of Kaduna, has money to pay Fulani herdsmen terrorists 
No more rewards in millions of $$$ to the family of terrorists. That money can go to improve…  
Now, Erdogan, as a Islamist terrorist, he is the most dangerous enemy of humanity. He has been riding on waves of manufacture… 
WhiteHelmets  AlQaeda  DAESH &amp; the Charity Trap
…  
Sir please do visit all areas of Pakistan, but please please take care of your security. You being a l…   
That isn’t a direct quote is it?!?  
The Islam Catholic Church Connection Islam
Hea breaking news. He leaves behind young children and a wife...please keep them in your prayers.  
Media attention for two terrorists in Brussels out of control, elevating criminals to new height of celebrity and creating r… 
Hey Organization of  Islamic Cooperation    - do you think just maybe you should have a word with  China 's…  
adMilli:   SINNER! OMG
Turkish religious leader discusses Islamic instruction    
when bino gonna drop the islamic terrorism again and get his alt suspended  
News Some Libyans are running a slave trade. You have a lim…  
A s of the Islamic World | Sotheby's  
I agree and you can see it in the pentagon strategy to draw back the american focus on terrorism and the…  
EU Making Islam great again!  
This is what we call a popular Pashtun Leadership.   chanting slogans against state sponsored terrorism at  Pa…
Sadiq khan is like the innumerable Muslims at positions of power who fu her Islamic agendas of hate and suppress f…  
Coalition is “adjusting” down in war against Islamic State  
Economy, trade, Stronger military, enforcing immigration laws, ISIS collapse, NoKo sanctions,…   
Could have been worse. Could have been ISIS. Count your blessings...
90% of terrorists in British prisons are Muslim.
The Islamic State’s toxic farewell: Environmental sabotage and chronic disease  
It’s interesting how many replies call the ISIS returnees ‘fighters’. Seems like the social engineering is wor…
Islam is by far the most amusing of all the religions😂😂😂😂👍🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Islam rules..... and I am beginning to believe it.... Our Children do not matter to any Government The…  
Ma in Luther King Jr “The whole  world 🌎 must see that  Israel 🇮🇱 must exist and has the  Right to exist, and is one of th… 
does that also mean all those killed by right wing terrorism are solely the fault of right wing fol…  
King Abdullah II: Washington Does Not Understand Islam   via  
…  
Miguna Miguna has been at ATPU, almost the whole time. Highly unlikely that he ever was at Lari. 
Sweden revolutionises its  steel  industry with first  fossil  free plant   
Can I marry the both of you since Islam allowed 4 wives 💝💝
Pakistani premier pledges suppo  for struggle in  Kashmir   Pakistan    FoxNews
Hahah.. You believe in your own terror propoganda. I studied law in the UK, and read a lot of b…   
Trump Admin Reveals 15 Islamic Jihadis Who Got Visas by Lottery or Chain Migration   via  
Retweeted NewsBlog breaking ( ):
An amazing pic . Al-Shaheed Monument (the Ma yr's Memorial)
During the war on terrorism in  Syria, whenever there a key turning point, the  US and its allies sta  a campaign…   
Salman Ahmed confirms ‘Junoon’ reunion -    Pakistan  
‼️ANOTHER LIBERAL LIE EXPOSED‼️
Came for hijabi virgins, stayed for accelerationist theology   
Yesterday   had said in a rally in Tripura that if Pakistan fires a single bullet we will reply with co…  
What do expect from followers of  Islam,based on Ideology of Intolerance&amp;Brutality towards Non-Mu… 
This kind of nonsense from Clarion helps push forward our enemy’s narrative that Islam’s core doctrine is up for discussi…
Roman 🇻🇦Catholicism🕍 and Islam 👳🏻‍♂️🌙🕌🕋 are same same 🤘🏽💯  
I think a   nightmare   is when NYC buildings are attacked by terrorists. I think NYC can survive the building changing colors. 
“Why was President Obama sending cargo airplanes loaded with cash to Iran and how did it get into the banking syste…  
UN Resolutions say that  Pakistan will withdraw its forces FIRST from  Kashmir. Are you ready for it?…  
It's not name calling, it's an accurate description of what you suppo …   
Kennedy mentioned neither the word 'job' nor the word 'terrorism.' He said the word 'trade' just once.   
Occupy Wall Street have killed no one and committed NO terrorist acts. Teabaggers have killed sev…  
So these good Jihadist beheaders have got top of the range US nade surface to air missiles thanks to our gallant NA…  
The Islamic State’s toxic farewell: Environmental sabotage and chronic disease
Great work by our Most Greatest Leader Sir    saheb indicate the  Kashmir Issue on International level  KashmirNee…
EmirOfKanoLibrary has two wings : The first one is more general- islamic studies, development, economics, philosophy, refer… 
Your Govt policy is not based on Islam. Your state being stable is not clear.
The Pidophile Mohammadu Buhari has come to complete the agenda of the Islamic project. To compel everyone to be Muslim…
Sickening. They are just what I thought they would be. Scared and pathetic little losers in life. These…  
Roman 🇻🇦Catholicism🕍 and Islam 👳🏻‍♂️🌙🕌🕋 are same same 🤘🏽💯
LosAngele   And for the record  FTR I'm a woman ( ) so only mansl…
President Trump less than 25 percent of our illegals are Hispanic. Obama worked with Muslim Brotherho…
Only those who refuse to accept new research, or indeed any research, into Suffragette terrorism (as *acknowledged*…   
ownsend7: The Qur'an on Gay People  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
“Let’s go Patriots!” - Kim Jong-Un, ISIS, guys who watch “The Bachelor”, Duke basketball fans, Logan Paul, people who eat… 
Came for hijabi virgins, stayed for accelerationist theology   
New definition for Hindus. I think terrorists are here and they are searching for terrorists in Pakistan..
here's some documentation on Turkish alliance with ISIS  
A CNN employee found sensitive Depa ment of Homeland Security repo s about protecting the Super Bowl from terrorism in the…
U.S. begins reducing troops in Iraq after victory over ISIS  
I liked a   video   Tommy Robinson in Germany, Exposing Islam/ Muslims/ Refugees/ Migrants/ Bias Media. 
Facts'. Except all the lies, misrepresentations, times he jumped the gun et…   
That's funny. He doesn't LOOK Muslim.
ISIS are a moving target. They are active through a network of other affiliates. They haven't been beaten because it's…
It is now really intolerable to hear daily that jawans became   the time is to take full reve…  
what made you and muslims go in england when yuo all knew it was not a islam nation and was never suppose be it as…  
Yemen commander praises Saudi Arabia after civilians die in Sanaa airstrike - The New Arab
At Oxford Centre for Islamic Studies to hear   argue that China's Belt and Road Initiative, being flexible to c… 
(i am SHOCKED!
Turkish army and Alqaeda grps are attacking Syrian regime forces in Eiss, idlib. These Turkish military units allowed by Ru… 
Hinduism is a peace-loving religion. Exactly like Islam and Christianity.  
US sta s drawdown of troops in Iraq after declaring ISIS victory   via  
Indian TV channels are better than the Indian Govt. Atleast they ve some emotion for those who died for no reason.  LOC  …
No I don't agree at all, I said Tommy hates Islam, same reason he hates Nazism and Scient…   
There are many responsible fathers from Islamic background. The boy father was murdered.
Israel needs a death penalty for Arab terrorists
Salman Ahmed confirms ‘Junoon’ reunion -    Pakistan  
KashmirSolidarityDay   MochiGateJalsa  Join us on  5thFebruary 2018  at  Lahore   KashmirDay  to show the solidarity with…
KashmirSolidarityDay✊🇱🇾✊
US sta s drawdown of troops in Iraq after declaring ISIS victory   via  
Shibir is moving forward with a mission to beautifully preach Islam to Muslims, Hindus, Buddhists and Christians at…   
ETHAN STABLES: Radicalized during a visit to Germany and repo ed to counter terrorism cops two years before he found hi…
Not a hoax — an attack on American Democracy by a hostile foreign power, now aided by the Kremlin-backed  GOP. This count… 
This guy   is a fake muslim who is a puppet put out there to attack Islam. He claims to be imam but attacks Islam…
We do not stumble toward a
1152 Km  Karachi  Lahore Motorway.
Its high time UN and Trump should voice their voice and concern ti stop the brutal human atrocities in Kashmir. For…  
Another video shows the  terrorists of  FSA suppo ed by Turkey, mutilating the body of a  Kurdish  YPG fighter. 
When will   acknowledge the real threat posed by these   alt-right   Nazi domestic terroris…   
Until we have such police officers in India no ISIS and no Sanghis can divide India. Salute to this officer.…   u6w
This is one of our true Canadian Hero's!  JihadiJustin gave 4 TERRORISTS, including Omar Kadr 10 million each, but Brock… 
He better get ready for Trudeau’s plan to reintegrate all of the Ex Daesh fighters back into Canada
The only groups of people that hate   more than   is ISIS and MS13.
Only people disagreeing with this are: Dayooth,Feminists and people who have insufficient knowledge of Islam. This is Haqq… 
Listen: Oregon man charged over terrorism false alarm – and that’s not the craziest pa   
I like the Feds arresting assholes trying to kill people and I don't…  
I think you meant   imperialist terrorism is a key British tradition  .   
This was focus of much discussion I heard on ground in  Syria:  
Nato terrorist ally Turks isis terrorists    …  
KashmirSolidarityDay✊🇱🇾✊Shaheed Mohtarma  BenazirBhutto returned to  Pakistan not for power but for democracy,  says… 
Deeply troubling. Ilan Goldenberg regularly promotes the work of the Iran regime lobby (NIAC). He also helped John Ker…
K-2 Mountain, Shigar Valley ,Gilgit Baltistan.. 
Hostile borders with leaking terrorists has become a routine n this time with another…  
So painful to watch. I wish I could do something to bring him back. RIP bravehea .  
The Prophet صلی اللہ علیہ وسلم said:   If I were to command anyone to prostrate to anything other than Allah, I would have co… 
Brennan is pa  of the  DeepSate head of the snake. He is also an Islamic…  
Pune girl Sadia Anwar Shaikh, suspected to be linked with ISIS, speaks to India Today's  , claims she was never cau… 
Finallly they use the word terrorism  
So why are most muslims allowed to come to the US?--they're not going to assimilate-&amp; they want us to assim…  
No Hindu,No muslim,No Christian,No Sikh died.Only Indian soldiers diesld for the Nation saxrificing t…   
Israel Is the Undisputed Global Leader in  MedicalMarijuana Research and Bill Nye Is Talking About It…  
So your saying your close allies actions... as you wonder why minorities exist, right, as your agreement with Daesh there... 
Stockholm terror suspect had contact with 'high-ranking  Isis members': repo   
Now playing Isis and Osiris by Alice Coltrane!
How is  YPG different from Iran-backed militias, ISIS? The US is standing by its non-state ally anyway.   
Video shoot for  DHS Countering Violent Extremism is underway, today. Second subject on deck. Follow…   
Offo! How many times will they expose themselves?? Khudki itni insult kon karawata hai yrr  Pakistan??
talks about  KashmirSolidarityDay &amp; domestic politics  Pakistan  PakPolitics    
Daniel Pipes:   London's  Muslim presence is implicit in the intense, pervasive, and depressing security measures install… 
Yeah by a group of people who had a warped view Islam. And what about the fuckwit who ran over Muslims ne…  
UN Resolutions say that  Pakistan will withdraw its forces FIRST from  Kashmir. Are you ready for it?  KashmirSolidarityDa…
Most Muslims actions, have made one believe that Islam teaches its adherents to, if they are able, kill anyone who…   
Umm ul Momineen Khadija Bint Khuwailid (RA) sacrificed her  wealth in suppo  of  Islam. The spread of Islam is wo h  …
Boni, terrorists are frowned upon everywhere, more so in Canada than in kenya. Miguna stands better chances if trie…   
have you considered leaving islam as it has negative influence on you as you argue with tommy robinson because you…  
“The government wants to show that any crackdown against the veil is illegal and not democratic,” says a reformist…   
A window into the Islamic agenda  BillWarnerPhD  
BREAKING Strategic Bilbil town is cleared from TSK/ISIS/Nusra terrorists.    SpeakUpForAfrin  
Is this the belated justification for the fresh campaign of bombing in  Gaza ??
Religious symbols are integral to a civilization. When old symbols vanish, new ones - with their own identities - take t… 
Gaza healthcare sector on verge of collapse    
Wall won't keep any1 out,u are wrong,ppl can just reroute,many…   
What are we to do when one pa y scapegoats immigrants &amp; the other fails to challenge the premise that our only value is econ…
inLarner this was her answer regarding the children in the hospital. How was I to interpret that comment?  
Paul Bremer on lessons learned in Iraq: mistakes and successes, the rise of ISIS, and his proudest achievement…   
HafizSaeed Dares  Pakistan Govt to Arrest Him, Says Will Continue To Fight For  Kashmiris 
Loser terrorists must act
Or are you upset that you cant buy drugs from Hezbollah now that BHO is gone? Do you not…  
U.S. Drawing Down Military Presence in Iraq After ISIS Defeated - The Political Insider  
FakeNews:Crying &amp; Frantically Lying..after,   This❤️ Poll.  😆😂Wow?!🤣 
Why don't terrorists jusr sail? ⛵️ terrorism  sailing
SaudiArabia - Saudis hit road to soothe foreign investors   via  
😂 This si what i like about Syria :D Blames others for suppo  of terrorism; yet suppo s and harbors…  
Nutter who planned to attack a Gay pride parade is being charged with Terrorist offences?  Hes homophobic &amp; its att…  
John “deep state” Mccain tied to Hillary Clinton, George Soros and Islamic groups. Wow what an American hero. not!    
Fantastic speech by the South African representative in the UNSC. He said Israel is the only state in the world that can be des…
so Turkey was not happy when USA used PKK to attack ISIS. It felt like USA arming its enemy. USA and…  
Dundee born and read Evening Telegraph   carry  MessiahHasCome message.
Also you may get a lot of nays but remember she employees like 1/3 of the workforce and that suppo …
citizens prope y…
During the war on terrorism in  Syria, whenever there a key turning point, the  US and its allies sta  a campaign to suppo… 
And why are all his records sealed?? I smell a rat. A fake rat. A di y rat. A traitorous rat.  
Paris attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam goes on trial over Brussels shootout    belgium  parisattacks  france  europe
Go buy this or that or the terrorists win? In this country everyone will do anything for money. Gover…  
Paul Bremer on lessons learned in Iraq: mistakes and successes, the rise of ISIS, and his proudest achievement…   
Julius Caesar: I don’t know what you’re talking about
This is love jihad  
Karachi: Meanwhile,  MQMPakistan ahead of Senate Election 2018.  KHIAle s 
Read more:  
Please share AND donate if you can
Islam isn't a Race Fred, come on lad, this is basic stuff. 
As well as the rest of Eastern Europe. Slavic countries will NOT tolerate this Islamic filth
5☆s   A Gripping Story From Sta  To Finish   
Europeans have begun to repo  that they no longer feel at home in their own countries. A recent study, in which 4734 Be… 
Has John McCain been bought and paid for by Islamic states and others?   
Let me clarify that no family should go through with what the Holtzclaw family did. A travesty of…
We Resist: Day 382. The GOP is a constitutional threat, Trump says a sitting member of Congress   must be stopped,  …   
Brave ExMuslim warns the West of the content of Islamic street prayers in Paris.
Oh, I forgot…   
ok yeah I think terrorism was a no brainer for this one  
BREAKING Strategic Bilbil town is cleared from TSK/ISIS/Nusra terrorists.    SpeakUpForAfrin  
And you are probably thankful for that!! That's something a lot of people can learn from!  
resurgence of global jihad has its ideological roots in this ideologically deranged collective that has continued on Indian soi…
Of course, Turkish reluctance to fight ISIS drove the United States to work with the YPG, but this point is almost…   
22. Castes sta ed to come into vogue only after the Islamic invasion.  And its sta ling proliferation took place during…
This Tuesday Feb 6 @ 12:30 come hear Ayesha Chaudhry and Sarah Khan speaking about Islamophobia: Challenges and Strategies…
Not to mention terrorism
Bodies litter Mosul's streets as ISIS fighters are denied proper burials  
ily: i love you
HOLLYWEIRD distributesthe unreal, crazed, disturbed, unhinged, deranged, demented, &amp; insane ideas of the world that…   
Would deep state actors REALLY stage a terrorist event? 👀 Just so that they could turn around and blame Trump? Sayi…  
christian Samaritan’s Purse VP Nominated for UN Refugee Role Faces Backlash: Ken Isaacs apologized for his tweets…  

The new London.  Islamic London:   Run, Hide, Tell  :   
Ken Isaacs apologized for his tweets about Islamic violence. The State Depa ment faces backlash for nominating...  
@ UKnews: Bisexual ‘neo-Nazi’ convicted of terrorism over Gay Pride attack plan  
No he wasn't a terrorist you wanker.
you need quit islam as it make you need argue your point at who not follow it and it stresses you plus the bible an…  
Personally I think we are a long way from that. However the best way to prevent it is to uphold the rule of law, Br…   
Thread (sho )
😬 Palestinian Girls cuffed “legs &amp; arms” in  Israel jails ... their crime only posting Palestine will be free &amp;  Jerusalem… 
There is nothing more pleasing than how Fatima Mernissi can step outside of the culture of Islam to cross examine a…  
No need to continue to discuss with a terror suppo er. PKK is almost finished in Turkey, will…   
It is true, I did not hear a lot of the people outraged about highway's being blocked in protests complaining about…   
in the eventual cornering of Akbar's Nuqtavi inspired attempt at relative state-independence from ulema under Islam, to Ulemaic… 
U.S. to drawdown troops in Iraq following fall of ISIS  
The 2018 Nation of Islam Saviours’ Day Convention will be hosted on Feb. 23-25th in Chicago, IL. Allah willing, Minister… 
In an interesting turn of events, according to  ’s Friday newsletter they have been chosen to lead “a new project b… 
: Super Bowl anti-terrorism documents left on plane...  
Turns out Russian fighter pilot wasn’t actually killed by terrorists….  
Israel Is the Undisputed Global Leader in  MedicalMarijuana Research and Bill Nye Is Talking About It  
Quran is the main text in Islam  ep3_M&amp;S  
Fighting in the southern city this week left  Hadi's government cowering in the presidential palace - guarded by Saudi… 
Necessity is the mother of  innovation. Our  Deen is complete - there is no need for innovation.  religion  islam  
Why is ICE, which once claimed to be an agency focused on terrorists and gangsters, now intercepting ambulances? Surveil… 
Paul Bremer on lessons learned in Iraq: mistakes and successes, the rise of ISIS, and his proudest achievement: Aft…   
There is a new trend in  Israel towards politicians pushing conspiracy theories. Examples include claims that the Tamimi fa…
Govt. minister says all countries should pass laws banning 'ma yr payments': Erdan said that the PA’s hand in payi…  
We Resist: Day 382. The GOP is a constitutional threat, Trump says a sitting member of Congress   must be stopped,   a shut… 
So, if a guy is on trial for Islamic terror offences, then the media shouldn't repo …   
Read our Review : Nate: The Search by Dorothy May Mercer is a fast paced exciting read filled with drama, intrigue and ac… 
of Islamic history and the core beliefs which NEVER assimilate or accept Western values.  Again, uber…   
Dute e Mocks Daesh Ma yrs: ‘I’d Rather Have Virgins Here, Not in Heaven’    business 
My academic career ruined, says Pune woman wrongly suspected of  Terror by J-K Police   
NY Assemblyman: Facebook is shamefully excluding Israel
You guys don't go down south because you feel you cannot flaunt your Islamic bigotry   will h…  
See the trouble one Bengali / Bangladeshi Muslim woman can create in the USA. Kick her out! We don't need her and her asinin…
Religion of Islam is perfect, muslims are not, blame the people not the religion. Peace ✌🏻 
According to liberals and wiggers like Mike that never made a basketball team in his life,talking…   
the currently observed trends of Sunnification/Arabization/o hodoxy and o hopraxis in Islam with a latent, long term, decepti… 
The Phoenix rising from Judeo-Christian ashes will be no Phoenix, it'll be Mohammed.  Just look at Turkey. 
I guess the tweet wasn't racist enough, they needed to throw in a Jihad or Sharia Law or something extra racist   
Thank you   for getting the job done that The Trojan Horse Barack Hussein of Islam refused to do!
It began with an awful suicide  bomb in the capital of Iraq &amp; ended with the SAS in  Barry  Wales:    IA G  terrorism
Muhammed called lying one of the greatest sins, plus I have never heard of any of this taqiyya rubbish before some…   
My brain is fried from yrs of Online Terrorism...  😤😤😤
This POS belongs in an AMERICAN prisoner of political war camp. Or perhaps send his sorry ass to Gitmo! He is defin…  
Syrian Army unleashes armored assault on  ISIS pocket in no hwest  Syria from multiple directions - Map  
Can we say that Iranian revolution is dying after failing to satisfy nation??? while Iranians no more buying religi…  
not Kurdish ypg ,PKK should be stated  YPG is PKK and PKK is not Kurdish organisation but english d…   
Big double standard!  
Turkey’s war against Kurdish Population in Afrin, No h Syria will bring back terrorists: Iran -   
Rare  Chinese Qing Dynasty Qianlong Masterpiece Vase with islamic influence at http: //    
Pakistan's economy in 2017 is almost equal to Mukesh Ambani's Wo h.
“The government wants to show that any crackdown against the veil is illegal and not democratic,” says a reformist cleric… 
Valentine day in islam by Faiz syed:   via  
What.the.hell  
Indian ulama establishing themselves during sultanate and mughals were among the most sadistic and cunning of the global Islami…
The biggest pussy of all! For real! ISIS fighters welcome!
Absolutely shameful and telling video from   claiming ones who talk of justice are basically hidden terrorists, secessionists 
Natural Born Killers.  
ALIEN
I hope the ACLU is preparing lawsuits to bring these employees to justice. We can let state-sponsored terrorism occur with impunity.
100% Original, Impo ed from USA.  MoneyBackGuarantee  Call 051-8734310, 03-111-484-878   CashonDelivery  Pakistan   Gadg… 
You Just Made Fun Of your Prophet Great Job    AoE via  
NEW: U.S.-led coalition announces it will shift operations within Iraq   from enabling combat operations to sustaini…   
NEW: U.S.-led coalition announces it will shift operations within Iraq   from enabling combat operations to sustaini…   
NEW: U.S.-led coalition announces it will shift operations within Iraq   from enabling combat operations to sustaini…   
ISIS is going after Iran    
Nigerian Army parades 26 'Boko Haram combatants' who surrendered: The Nigerian military on Monday said it paraded 26 s…
NEW: U.S.-led coalition announces it will shift operations within Iraq   from enabling combat operations to sustaini…   
Hypothesis: Indian state's intel gets names/aliases used by every member of every political pa y or org, and details on their… 
Only those who refuse to accept new research, or indeed any research, into Suffragette terrorism (as *acknowledged* by the… 
Gaza is on the verge of a humanitarian crisis and a new conflict could erupt any day! Iranians are fed up of their govern…
In the future, GOP will b outlawed, they ARE homegrown terrorists, assaulting the norms of decency. W/Trump leading    
Paul Bremer on lessons learned in Iraq: mistakes and successes, the rise of ISIS, and his proudest achievement | Fo…   
They are committed, according to my understanding of their aims and statements, to solidify  Israel victory by all…   
PA is accomplice in all these murders by offering reward for terror. Make it right  
ArmyAbovePolitics | Congress preaches what they practice. That's why they came up with 'Dhoka-Lam', they have given many dho… 
…
Congratulations to the new Ce ified Hospitality Accountant Executive ( CHAE) designees: Md Amirul Islam, CHAE and…   
Bravesness .... not shown by Americans sense 1776...!  ampFW  
Maybe the Iranians will lead the way for renaissance in Islam. 🙂
Breaking ll  EastGhouta
Must arrest AMERICAN TERRORISTS BARACK OBAMA
NIAC the Islamic regime's lobby is happy to have people like you on their side. People who don't give a F...…
Anyone know what Dulaim is mad about?
Whitehelmets “Now You See Me” – Over 100 White Helmet Self-Posted Facebook Images Expose Fake Humanitarian Group as F…
Nothing to love on them at all. The settlements will never be demolished, never wit…   
There's always this lofty tone to FB posters outpourings, as if reading a handful of websit…   
FSA ||  Idlib
… 29  Iranian Women Arrested Over Hijab Protests  FreeIran  FreeAllProtesters  IranianProtests
100% Original, Impo ed from USA.  MoneyBackGuarantee 
but USA kept on arming them and kept providing air suppo . Once ISIS was reduced to dese , USA ins…   
my islamic timeline is clear of cursed tweets
Vi ues of  Ramadan - Hadeeth Study -   -  ramadan  islam  
NEW: U.S.-led coalition announces it will shift operations within Iraq   from enabling combat operations to sustaining military gai… 
I bet Canadian Muslim Women  don't do this ! I Dare them !
Discrimination against religious and ethnic minorities in the Islamic Republic constitution | IRAN HUMAN RIGHTS ...  
Come on    you know you Italians are a shifty bunch, i mean you brought soccer and Olive Ga… 
Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists â Russian MoD -…  
A glimpse of my bi hday  tour in  israel 😳😳 they scared to give me keys  home but in another…  
I thought western teachings were forbidden in Islam/hezbollah  
To Defend Mideast Christians, Can Advocates Critique Islam? | What Evangelicals Can Learn from George Lindbeck: CT Direct 
diplomatic crisis between  Israel and  Poland  deathcamps  
Congratulations to 🇳🇱 Netherlands on conversion of medical isotope production to using safer low enriched uranium instead of H…
Is Junoon headed for a reunion?    pakistan  news
This dese  cult will be wiped out in europe soon by Islam. Its Karma that European Christia…  
Jerusalem should be the capital of Israel, it is Biblical since the time of King David. Judaism and…   
Islam means submission and is spread through fear
Defending the Qur'an Where to sta ?  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
Paul  Bremer on  Lessons  Learned in  Iraq:  Mistakes and  Successes, the rise of  ISIS, and his ...   
هدفنا هو ملأ و غزو 'جوجل Google' بصور MOE　google bombing with  ISISchan　It's not what  ISIS currently is, but it's what ISIS should be.　 WTF 
Problem: this is not an ”Iranian Regime” its Islamic Republic Occupied Iran
Our trip to Israel was over two months ago, but it’s still on my mind very often! Jerusalem is by far one of my fav…   
UK Government: Help the Yazidi women and girls kidnapped by ISIS  YazidiGirls - Sign the Petition!   via  
Our trip to Israel was over two months ago, but it’s still on my mind very often! Jerusalem is by far one of my fav…   
Identification with Jesus  
They won't be able to charge him with terrorism, the charge sheet will be full of lame charges. Jubilee wo…   
What are we? What have we become? What reasoning is there to justify this unecessary, vile cruelty of other species…   
Ok I feel I need to reiterate this Fact. The Liberal Socialsts Pa y pose a Greater Threat To the United States the…  
and if we withheld their remains we would be despised and hated upon.
Chris Steven's was wanted dead by Obama, McCain and Clintons because of the guns transferring… 
This was focus of much discussion I heard on ground in  Syria:  
Britain benefits from violent sectarian conflict - the likes of the individual who blew himself up at a kids pop conce …
So excited with a gym.. Such backwardness of Kashmir .. Come out of islamic terrorism n stone pelting age😂
Turns out Russian fighter pilot wasn’t actually killed by terrorists….  
WHITE NAZI TERRORIST FOUND GUILTY.
china Pakistan is playing double game with china taking million of dollars for is country and sending Isis two kil…  
Trump recently said   almost 100 percent   of ISIS is defeated in Iraq.   
Now Playing: Amir Junaid Muhaddith aka Loon at Nottingham Uni Malaysia -   Islam  Quran  Sunnah  ILM  IslamicLC
Gentle information point out. Some women do make a choice, you know. And some don't. But not one of us, definitely not… 
I agree I am ashamed she is supposedly American! I thought she moved to the islamic state of London!
The Amir of the  Ahmadiyya  Muslim Community in  TrinidadandTobago🇹🇹 addressing a conference of  Ahmadi students of higher ed…
Showing one's hand becomes public knowledge &amp; gets passed to Brussels, thus undermining o…   
Palestinian Nazi's try to murder Jews. Jews arrest the attempted murderers.
Just a lame excuse..  
And he will as likely as not be the bomber.  
January 27/ 2018
I spent time doing research on his history, finding pro &amp; con comments, looking at who…   
Identification with Jesus  
y: For the last decade in UK the namesake of the founder of islam (revered as the perfect role model by all its adherents…
Rothchild. What    Toronto   and  Canada   is allowing to be done to me by…  
Whitehelmets Direct Terrorist Collusion: Over One Dozen Videos Capture White Helmets Working Side-By-Side With Terror…
This is a perfect metaphor for what India and  Pakistan are doing to each other:   King cobra bites python. Python constri… 
💥 Today: Zakaria Kafarna, 24 y, shot dead today in the no h of  Gaza.  IsraelCrimes  BDS   
'A family that fights together can put it right together'
I hope the ACLU is preparing lawsuits to bring these employees to justice. We can't let state-sponsored terrorism occur with impunity.
Turkish religious leader discusses Islamic instruction    
All in the name of a spo  but a peaceful protest is opposed.    Our priorities are all screwed up.  We care more a…  
Powerful statement by South Africa at UN re Palestinian right to self determination &amp; Israel as the only Apa heid stat…
Fuck Ramadan &amp; every one of them Islamic clowns who pa ake in such shite. Stupid cunts haven’t even the intelligen…  
ownsend7: Defending the Qur'an Where to sta ?  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
They speak exactly like Hindutva brigade. Call 84 genocide a reaction in only Delhi. Call Sikhs terro…  
They’re all ISIS 😆
Or how about the time Obama called ISIS the   JV team   causing his weak response. Which caused…   
a  proper government strips terrorists of their citizenship, it doesn't welcome them home with ope…   
Something I wanted to stress in writing is the impact victims of terrorism can have on policies that are usually vo…  
Today the Islamic Movement in Nigeria recorded another Ma yr Shiek Qassim as a result of the
Umm, the cocksucker in he pic.  Can’t wait for all the perp walks   
Why are U afraid to Publicly go for  GharWapsi &amp; Change Your Name. We feel Ashamed of you Bigot.  
your NATO ally Turkey...  
Hi  =  This PR, it’s a  humanity &amp;  Justice case  thaarjustice  SaferInternetDay  gma  mommgooe  Like  MTP  socialmedia  HRW  … 
Victory  
These two  girls chained like animals by  Israel occupation forces. Why? For posting truth on Facebook about the oc…  
The tweet we are all discussing said that terrorists were tried, or were go…   
U.S. begins reducing troops in Iraq after victory over Islamic State: AL-ASAD AIRBASE, Iraq…   
US sta s drawdown of troops in Iraq after declaring victory over ISIS   via  
Syrian opposition media received notice from   to remove their channel on demand from Russia's internet censorshi…
A rehearsal in action
Hey  Obama it looks like  PresidentTrump’s magic wand for jobs can also beat ISIS
featured a wonderful shot of ecstatic devotees at Sehwan.
Most Muslims, I feel are carrying baggage of EXCESSIVE ISLAM..They enjoy Music but cannot play in marriages..They love… 
A California liberal professor is worse for our society than an Islamic Terrorist.
One of the Funniest 😃🤣😅 It lampoons islam .. We need more like it ..
And why are all his records sealed?? I smell a rat. A fake rat. A di y rat. A traitorous rat.  
ISIS BTFO!!!
kamp:     isangirl    …
@ UKnews   so not all terrorists are muslims?wow!
Ah hell naw! They can stay with you Angie and YOU can suppo  them though!  
Talk it out: Does the threat of  Terrorism warrant canceling school trips to Washington DC? -…  
there r enemies within hindus.this has been happening since 1000syrs.that is reason colonials&amp;mugal/ms…
Can Islam be empathetic to West's point of view? That is a question to answer.
Yazidi woman who was sold as a sex slave by ISIS confronts jihadist who admits raping hundreds of women and children and tel…
NEW: U.S.-led coalition announces it will shift operations within Iraq   from enabling combat operations to sustaini…   
Fuck these Palestinian killers
What does this mean?  
snet650 It was about Edmonton not Vegas thats not really racist. Th…  
WATCH: Imam Peforms Islamic Exorcism on Screaming Burka-Clad Woman in Sheffield Mosque. How do you like your multicultura…
One thing I don’t understand is why feminists end their letter with word Amen?Amen is…  
Until when?  Israel  
Thanks to Nato EU isis got all they need it to murder kurds with , EU NATO is guilty    …   
Paul Bremer on lessons learned in Iraq: mistakes and successes, the rise of ISIS, and his proudest achievement   
drugs
NEWS - EGYPT: Before my father died he gave me the keys to the church
Any one who is not caught or arrested is not enough to show that a person is not involved wit…  
Conve  any  KEYWORD to GOOGLE NEWS FULL RSS   | Automatic Blog | Onl…  
Going live on Islam Channel at 7 😬  
ISRAEL'S GREATEST SANDWICHES!    telaviv  israel  telavivfood  
Ar-Rahim: The One who has an abundance of mercy for the believers.  islam  AsmaUlHusna
The Pope has lost all credibility. His pandering and mollycoddling of Islam is emetic.  
News Are you getting paid for all that PR work you do for Islam or just hoping to get laid when you croak?
Quora Question: What's the History of the Islamic Insurgency in Iraq?  
As a critic of  SaudiArabia and of Britain’s craven relationship with it, and as a campaigner to  FreeNazanin in  Iran,… 
Why aren't the neo-nazi, fascist,  UKIP community doing more to stop terrorism? 
Last day to vote for  Pakistan  IntegrityIdol 2017! Check out this year's top nominations and cast your vote!…  
Islam is EVIL and it attracts evil.................Colorado: Muslim gets life for killing Denver transit guard who…  
Government AKP / ISIS, ONLY ON ONE ORGANIZATION.   
NEW  Map ||  Aleppo
US sta s drawdown of troops in Iraq after declaring victory over ISIS    
How to become exemplary women in Islam  ?   via   
I have been warning this for years. Your only hope to save your civilisation is total ban on Islam. T…  
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Bi… 
US forces sta  drawdown in Iraq after declaration of victory over Daesh  
US begins reducing troops in Iraq after victory over ISIS   via  
Islamic State, rival Al Nusra Front each strengthen grip on Syria - LA Times   
ISIS  terrorists do not belong in  Canada . Trudeau welcoming them home as LOST SONS ! No one in their right mind would compa…
iz69: Shout out to everyone who actually retweets my shit once I️ sell these nukes to Isis I’m giving you all 10 racks 😤😤😤omm we…
J&amp;K: Terrorists lob grenade at an Army camp in Pulwama's Kakpora, Army retaliated. No loss of life repo ed, more details awaited.… 
Jets throw the (fire)
Free_syrian_army  FSA forces controls now the village (Al-Amoud - Dikma Tash)
I’m sorry that you didn’t realize Allah made it easier for you while you are on your cycle. Maybe you should be a little bi…
Political Event is coming up on 11th of February 2018 Sunday 6:30 pm at CONEXUS A S CENTRE, REGINA: 
The world must assist
Some bastard within   ranks shadow deleted the tweet below. Take a look. See if you can find a reason why someon…
Some protestants object at the use of images in Christian worship, but most protestants do not know that no Christian ob… 
Do you debate with ISIS ? Or Taliban ? Then why debate with a Zionist r…  
How spo  terrorism took over Europe and Pakistan in 2016 - The Express Tribune Blog  
This is how the beloved  FBI does business. Creating terrorists from scratch. Even using mentally ill and economica…  
Wow. Missed this:   defense secretary, Jim Mattis, had announced just days ago that 'great power competition — not terrorism —… 
NEW  Map ||  Idlib
ISIS  Taliban  BokoHaram  AlShabab  AlQaeda  AlNusrah  HTS  Terrorism will reach unprecedented levels that world w…  
Nice statistics bro. Always great when far leftists make shit up, arbitrarily ignore entire time p…   
Imagine that. The man who hollers   fake news   has fake measurements. Only in Trump World.......sigh   
Fam your eyes are like two different postcodes  
Top urgent appeal...
Thousands of ISIS Fighters Flee in Syria, Many to Fight Another Day   
…
Iranian gestapo could not stop the uprising  FreeIran  FreedomIsComing  IranianProtests  RegimeChange  Iran
Maldives declares unconstitutional state of emergency to intimidate judges as crisis deepens    Hap…
We need a Justice For  KashmirSolidarityDay   MochiGateJalsa Plz come on  5thFebruary  at  Lahore  KashmirDay to Suppo  our…
Southern army generals better at fighting Boko Haram terrorists than their no hern colleagues, says Gov. Shettima   
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must sup… 
Ken Isaacs apologized for his tweets about Islamic violence.
enough evidence2prosecute,  sanction  USA  Israel  Saudis 4being the real  terrorists  ISIS 
.    He should be charged immediately for Inciting Terrorism😡‼️Call to ac…
Ha-ha.. Day dreaming by an islamic terrorist
Our  Immigration Minister for Somalia has tweeted last year his suppo  of buying warlords in  Somalia more Ak-47s to su…
er: This attack is carried out during  KashmirSolidarityDay rally organized by  ISI backed terrorists. ISI suppo s them fin…
Open air prison...
BY  
PalestinianTerrorists
,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppor… 
I am also curious to the answer.  
From COINTELPRO to   Black Identity Extremists,   Black activists face state suppression when fighting for their rights. Ang… 
…  
SaudiArabia aims to develop cyber security, programming skills of students 
44's admin. pushed that right wing lie  
Why are we treating it (Islam) differently to how we do Christianity and Judaism?   Brave video from an woman of Muslim her… 
Congrats to Isis inning these JMBLYA tix!! Don't worry! Im giving away another pair next hour!!! -  
This attack is carried out during  KashmirSolidarityDay rally organized by  ISI backed terrorists. ISI suppo s them financ…
Oh the poor US!  One terrorist incident and they invade a country (not even the…  
Wisdom is clearly punted aside with a policy that puts the safety of ordinary citizens at risk. It forces them to w…  
Paul Bremer on lessons learned in Iraq: mistakes and successes, the rise of ISIS, and his proudest achievement | Fox News… 
A moment of silence for  , who has become an ISIS bride.   
I'm a very tolerant person.  I honestly believe in Multiculturalism. So, as an extension of that I have to be OK wi…   
IStandWithNunes  Thank You    
Come hear best selling author and international speaker, Gracia Burnham, share her amazing story of being kidnapped…   
Children of  Gaza
A  manpad fired by  HTS and  AlQaeda   rebels   in  Syria recently took down a  Russia fighter jet. Its pilot bailed out,… 
Is that a fucking joke?  Baahaaaa you liberals are lo…  
News Islam isn't a race
no freedom in  Iran,,,,,,,,,look at Islamic republic executing them all &gt;&gt;&gt;   Israelfirst serving  FakePresident  … 
Britain gave me everything, islamic governments took away from me  Britain   
Update: The coalition announced a shift in focus in Iraq, confirming they will 'retain an appropriate amount of cap…   
According to Israel &amp; Saudi,  Iran is a bigger threat then Isis so don't expect Isis to vanish in thin…   
I have been warning this for years. Your only hope to save your civilisation is total ban on Islam. There is no oth…  
✍【Nuke Cancer from 9/11 Revealed!!!  nfl  pakistan  afp  women  romney  politics  android
India Govt. should immediately organize a FAKE NEWS AWARD for Indian Presstitutes(News Media) to safe SCANDAL IM/SI…  
Sir/Madam, Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/ISIS Dr. Kanc…   
Islam beautifies anything, bring islam in your home, in your life, in your relations, in your mind .... Islam will beaut… 
MarioDB,the world owe it to  Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution. USA and Israel must suppo  Biaf… 
Egypt- Amaq repo  on  ISIS IED attacks near al-Arish, No h  Sinai, destroying a bulldozer, killing &amp; wounding po…   
For those of you who knew her, my family doggo, Isis, passed over the weekend.   
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
Islam always seems to get a pass, but that only serves to embolden them. 
Europe: Making Islam Great Again  
💥 During 2017,  Israel demolished 154 Palestinian houses and facilities in occupied  Jerusalem, and notified another 555 home… 
this is very interesting..  
I've read the koran, Ibn Ishaq's sira and Al-Bukhari's hadith. I'm very well educated in…   
…  
We need a candidate for an election in a Western country who will proclaim on national television dur…  
No surprise, Mindanao remains the weak link in regional terrorism: sanctuary, training ground, source of weaponry.  Indonesi… 
I see the make training munitions for ISIS style drone bombs now  
Sensitive Super Bowl anti-terrorism documents left on backseat pocket of plane - CNN  
assy4now: His records need to be unsealed. What’s he hiding???  
ISIS Tries To Attack Libyan Oilfield
Where  Pakistan 🇵🇰 is today, credit goes to principally  NawazSharif and hugely to  MaryamNawaz as well, in terms o…   
New post (UMMEED امید -2015 (Islamic Movie related to Meeting with Imam Mahdi a.s)) has been published on Urdu Isla…  
Yes, but statistically that's because islam has a 1,295 year head sta . The 100M killed…   
F,....G EVIL BASTARDS 
PC-1 sent for upgrading Cantt hospital
Upon reading - it is a Very superficial a icle.  Ignores a lot of history.  I.E. The Vikings were terrorists.
aint: There was one UK study that counted Muslim hate crimes against gays as RW terrorism
bbcnw finds white terrorist story! ignores majority of Islamic terrorist stories in the NW...gotta play into the bbc sjw narrative!...
Where’s the lies. Was The al-quds March a lie. The the msm failed to rep…  
Sardana Ji's strong reaction on daily basis firing at  LOC by  Pakistan. Jawans dying every day.  
News You don’t have to be a card carrying…  
FSA ⁩ || ⁦  Sochi ⁩
There needs to be somewhere on ea h that filthy Islam isn't allowed.
if the Qur'an also talks about free will as the Bible does why don't you choose  
All job postings in Islamic History / Studies,  
Only thing this movie put in bad light is Bollywood: Shitty Trash, Elaborate set &amp; no script is what it po rays in the n… 
He was murdered in a terroristic way, in a way that is indicative to ISIS. They cut his head off and took it. … We sh… 
Hey Ponga Pandit why just praying? Go and ask MMS to resign. It's time we should make Modi ji India's PM.  
I have been warning this for years. Your only hope to save your civilisation is total ban on Islam. There is no other way wha…
Reminder:
The world has to make
Ohio: Muslim migrant who plotted jihad terror attack in Texas asks for depo ation instead of prison…  
With Cairo's Approval, Israeli Planes Bombing ISIS Targets in Egypt    Trending via   
The people of  Pakistan will continue to suppo  the Kashmiris in securing liberation from Indian oppression and to decide t…
Wawa bitched up I just wanted some chips and a hoagie... JihaD  
Makkah Emir Prince Khaled Al-Faisal sta s annual tour of governorates today —    SaudiArabia htt…
Political Event is coming up on 11th of February 2018 Sunday 6:30pm at CONEXUS A S CENTRE, REGINA…   
Belongs to Neither Side !!!
ICYMI:    Lead Counsel Karim Kahn speaks on  Islam &amp;  HumanRights via   &amp;    
Guillotine.... for terrorists
ON SALE Sterling Silver Allah Pendant - Muslim - God in Islam  
BREAKING NEWS: Ethan Stables has been found GUILTY of preparing to commit acts of terrorism   http…
King Abdullah of Jordan:   Maybe there's a lack of understanding of Islam   in Washington   
There is no movement nor power except by  God   is a core element in Islamic  Psychology. You do your best, then leave the r… 
Anyone know what Dulaim is mad about?
Update: The coalition announced a shift in focus in Iraq, confirming they will 'retain an appropriate amount of capabilit… 
Trump the former f CIA sat on his ass&amp;watched ISIS to grow&amp;behe…  
The Prophet (pbuh) said,   The real patience is at the first stroke of a calamity.   ( Bukhari)  Islam 
Qasioun_Map -  OliveBranch:  FSA capture new areas in  Afrin area no hern  Syria's  Aleppo 5-2-2018
Congrats to Isis winning these JMBLYA tix!! Don't worry! Im giving away another pair next hour!!! -  
While Turkish regime spokesman claim that they don't target civilians in  Afrin, this video footage shows clearly that Turk… 
Sockman rather get an ISIS deal,how pathetic can he get. 
@ UKnews They want to be comfo able to butcher civilians. Kurdish terrorists terrorise even the Christians in Syr…  
No chance if they stop students voting twice!  
We will not allow victims of gender-based crimes to be left out of history. MADRE and our pa ners are changing the landsc…
There's no différence between Alt-Right and Isis. They are all killers because innocent people don't bel…  
josephjett   We do not stumble toward a 
Islamabad The Beautiful
They threw petrol bombs at a mosque; they are aggrieved to have been sentenced as terrorists. White privilege is a…  
Where  Pakistan 🇵🇰 is today, credit goes to principally  NawazSharif and hugely to  MaryamNawaz as well, in terms of mobilizin… 
NATO EU crime on kurds , isis using them weapon to murder kurds with right now    …   
Just awful. The long tail  isis  
Civil disobedience by brave Iranian women. No more barbaric  Sharia laws for Iran.
This sounds like domestic terrorism to me  
Muslim Brotherhood and Hamas are Terrorists Organizarions  
Often Hindu girls are lured on false identity. Muslim boy pretends to be Hindu, lures, rapes, blackmails.   No sym… 
I never said anything about Orlando, that’s on you. I was referring to the 12 coun…   
Congrats to Isis winning these JMBLYA tix!! Don't worry! Im giving away another pair next hour!!! -  
Absolutely shameful and telling video from   claiming ones who talk of justice are basically hidden terrorists, se… 
nabs $25M, inks IP deal with Sloan Kettering to bring machine learning to cancer pathology…   
Amazon settles tax optimization dispute with French authorities    Pakistan  tech
Azerbaijan’s Gabala bidding for Islamic Tourism Capital Prize
Rotherham was brutal &amp; cruel - tongues nailed to table, raped with broken bottle etc. Sex slaves according to Islam. https:… 
You seem to have made up a non existent connection between FGM and Islam.
Iran policy is  execution  oppression   terrorism.No different than  ISIS
The only problem is that they altered the definition of   domestic terrorism   to exclude all Islamic att… 
Map Update:  SyrianArmy Liberates 4 Villages From  ISIS In NE  Hama ( Syria)
Free Syrian Army (FSA)
But the relatively rare in comparison terrorist incidences are all super connected. Bu…  
NEW: U.S.-led coalition announces it will shift operations within Iraq   from enabling combat operations to sustaining mil… 
What does he mean by “…must be stopped.”? Isn’t that an entreaty to stochastic terrorism? Stay strong, Congressman. 
-  propaganda BUSTED :: Safia Rani rejects the statement quoted with her name of being pressurised by…  
After decades under the dictatorship of Saddam Hussein and his Baath Pa y, American diplomat Paul Bremer – name of…   
Setting up a social media account for your pet should be considered an act of domestic terrorism.
Jihadi    trudeaumustgo  jihadijustin
We could all feel the ancient  forest by day, the moving  shadows, the odd shimmering amber glow. Yet by night it came… 
SaudiArabia +  Qatar +  UAE +  Turkey +  ISIS +  Mossad +  CIA
*NEW VIDEO* The Mystery of the Balochistan Sphinx in  Pakistan. Watch now and please subscribe:   htt…
You've failed, just one right answer! 
...its leaders, armed and trained by the West as supposed freedom  fighters, but who really are jihad terrorists and gangst… 
PBS  Frontline -  SaudiArabia uncovered
Valid point  
Syria Daily: Kremlin avoids discussion of strikes on civilians in  Idlib Province, prefers to talk about   terrorists   w… 
All illegal migrants in Muzaffarnagar,Shamli, Sharanpur, Muradabad , Bignor &amp; Nizami bad are terrori…   
…
If they conducted the study in accordance with the current legal definition of domestic terrorism, they… 
NIAC lobby: Promoters of islamist-khomeinist terrorism. Those Rights &amp; Freedoms enemies should be brought to US cou s. h…
Spirituality: The Core of All  Religions Islam  Judaism  Christianity  Wahhabism  ISIS…  
Perhaps things might change if Islamic Countries worked together to abandon violence and terrorism. Viol…  
Gallant Phoenix has been operational since
Why didn't we call a suppo er of terrorism after giving Iran a butt load of money?
Science Has Proven It, That  Anything You Cannot  SEE Or  TOUCH Does Not  Exist | Are You A  Graduate? I Am A  Profes… 
A rehearsal in action
Excellent piece by   on how  Trump’s aid cuts to   hu  people &amp; don’t help peace. And since when di…  
Latest on  's Washington Pulse:   radicalizes US Mideast policies;  France fills the void as US d…

BOYCOTT ANTI-WOMEN PRO-SHARIA  !
The Belgium of   and France of Macron with   from guardian want  Burundi to treat the terroris…  
Islam is EVIL and it attracts evil.................Colorado: Muslim gets life for killing Denver transit guard who was als…
The Good Friday Agreement means the terrorists have no public suppo , but if th…   
I bet Canadian Muslim Women  don't do this ! I Dare them !
Merely video that highlight the dangers and evil of Islam.  At least one Australian Senato…  
Very interesting. Good for our  
What’s States forces are doing in Syrian territory near Turkish border?Whats the deal with PKK terrorists ?
-  propaganda BUSTED :: Safia Rani rejects the statement quoted with her name of being pressurised by  …
I've been saying this too, all sta ed with bush the younger and the patriot act. I know we need to fight terrorist…   
In 2017,  Pakistan violated ceasefire 771 times across the LoC, while the figure stood at 228 in 2016. |…   

did anyone anywhere say   run them over   during the gridlock? kind of begs the question of why so much driver empath…   
You are relentless. The revolution was successful because it did hinge on the promise of freeing Iran…  
U.S.-led coalition announces it will shift operations within  Iraq   from enabling combat operations to sus…   
New job opening in 3, 2, 1... 
New Study: ISIS Media Production Quality Reflects Organizational Trajectory…    terrorism
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
The Jihad of women is to perform Hajj. (Bukhari)  hajj
Turkey release doctors held for denouncing Afrin operation Islamic
My latest: The construction of the concept of    terrorism   during the 1980s &amp; the central gate-keeping role that the US press… 
Western leftists: ready to accept a mass murdering dictator
A devastating raid on a US base in Iraq. American troops executed. A mysterious prisoner with a Lebanese accent. And a N…
JUST IN:  
They were terrorists
Remember how Sonu Nigam had opposed the loud Azaan, check what radical Islam groups have planned! 
Spirituality: The Core of All  Religions Islam  Judaism  Christianity  Wahhabism  ISIS  IS  ISI…
Woman Calls Islam False Religion, Muslims Show Up To Convince Her Otherwise   
Basically no opinion of their own. Instead a little fear basket of terrorists, the fall of traditional ideals, miso…   
There are many convenient deniable  US &amp;  Israel proxies in the region - prominent amongst these is…  
Attention terrorists, ya’ll got it wrong. There aren’t 70 virgins waiting for you. What you’ll get are 70 Jihadists…   
BLF is dangerous. They behave like they can wake up and become terrorists. I don't trust them
Women are speaking out about being sexually harassed during  Hajj -  Islam   
Excellent piece by   on how  Trump’s aid cuts to   hu  people &amp; don’t help peace. And since when did the far-r…
Come hear best selling author and international speaker, Gracia Burnham, share her amazing story of being kidnapped…   
' Bahraini royal visits  Israel, due in Knesset' 
Remember being a Non-Muslim in an Islamic state is a crime punishable with life. 
I get that   need to repo  on terrorism but was showing someone burning a pride flag whilst broadcasting his views really necessary?
u r literally THE most annoying person alive and trust me i know a lot of annoying people  
Until when?  Israel  
BOYCOTT ANTI-WOMEN PRO-SHARIA  !
EU Slams Israel for ‘Touristic Settlement’ of Historic Jerusalem   Vraea But has yet to complain about ISIS…
Does this worry any of our glorious leaders ??  
And you see a gov. Has really one task only, to protect its citizens. And what you ar… 
Muslim Holy sites in Saudi Arabia are for all Muslims not Royal Saudi Family  hajj  alharamain  saudi  muslim  islam  MBS
International Commission to Monitor Saudi Administration of Alharamain is acting on behalf of millions of Muslims w…  
In 2017,  Pakistan violated ceasefire 771 times across the LoC, while the figure stood at 228 in 2016. |   h… 
They are   resisting   our   ...One nation under God... .   They want a   one world order   run by themselves.   
Liberating this pocket will free up a lot of troops to be sent to the Idlib front.
I feel call out  
Thomas Jefferson’s Quran: How Islam Shaped the Founders   via  
Rewards to families of terrorists only encourages terrorism. It should be stopped.
I will see what i can find. Main deployments are Afghanistan (8 to 900), UNIFIL 2 in Lebanon with 1100,…   
WHERE IS THE UN?!! WHERE ARE THE AGENCIES TO HELP PEOPLE LIKE THAT?!!  
Paul Bremer on lessons learned in Iraq: mistakes and successes, the rise of ISIS, and his proudest achievement | Fox N… 
Real resistance  
That Ambedkrite 'scholar' compared Peshwas to Cocaine b…  
thousands of civilians oppressed by  'terrorists'  in  Afrin  
India Govt. should immediately organize a FAKE NEWS AWARD for Indian Presstitutes(News Media) to safe SCANDAL IM/SI…  
Anywhere, anytime. Need to check your account balance or the check the status of your claim? Log in at…   
This Turkish agency briefly says that all other medias are fake except ANADOLU AGENCY lol  Afrin  SpeakUpForAfrin…  
Sir/Madam, Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/ISIS Dr. Kanc…   
The Clock tower in Jaffa in the Ma yrs Square, a tower dating back to the Ottoman era in Palestine. it is one of seven to… 
How long SONY will do Corporate Social Responsibility only for High SCANDAL as per their hidden activity IM/SIMI/IS…  
SushmaSwaraj's three-day visit to  SaudiArabia begins from Tuesday    
What a bizarre answer by Trudeau on his weak position on returning ISIS fighters. He’s out to lunch on this issue. htt…
Douglas Murray - Islam is Incompatible with Western Liberalism   via  
Mujahid Obama and his jihad Islamic administration was a cancer to the USA
Feel free to call the current drop in bitcoin (and all the alt-coins that have their prices dictated by BTC) as a “…  
At Hada DBank, we're on team human. Islamic Banking is not just for muslims, its for everyone. Islamic banking operates on ri… 
US begins reducing troops in Iraq -   via  
Fun fact. Did you know pre Islam the kaaba was a pagan shrine for 360 idols. The main pagan God was Al-ilah, transl…   
With defeat of ISIS, U.S. redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan 
With defeat of ISIS, U.S. redeploying forces from Iraq to Afghanistan 
Russia protects hezbollah and America protects PKK terrorists so nothing is a suprise.
120dB: German Women speak up against migrant violence, abuse and terrorism -- as a real rape culture is being impo…   
vote100 ... Islam No1 !
Let’s elaborate a bit about  SalahAbdeslam’s carefree journey through Brussels after the 2015  ParisAttacks. From Novem…
Islam denounces all forms of discrimination based on creed, caste or color.   
Entering  Islamabad. 450 walked miles through  Pakistan.  EdenWalk  
It won't take long the way things are going in the UK.  
... “Knock three times on the ceiling if you want me
As well as the rest of Eastern Europe. Slavic countries will NOT tolerate this Islamic filth
The Pakistani Army has been suppo ing infiltration by terrorists along the border, Army Vice Chief Sarath Chand sa…   
Trump’s Mar-A-Lago reso  to host gala for  Israel’s 70th anniversary |  
DHS documents detailing anti-terrorism plan for Super Bowl were left on plane.  
Was it your love that defeated ISIS? Or perhaps it was President Trump, Mad Dog Mattis and a lot… 
The Pakistani Army has been suppo ing infiltration by terrorists along the border, Army Vice Chief Sarath Chand sa…   
Amaq repo  on ISIS IED attacks near al-Arish, No h Sinai, destroying a bulldozer, killing and wounding police off…   
Believing in and worshiping the Creator alone: Simple, logical, natural! This is  Islam ,  atheism ! 
So. This idiot was in on bringing islam into the country
America is allies with Saudi Arabia and Turkey, who both openly fund ISIS. 
Hezbollah thinks  Iranian women fighting for choice over what to wear, most basic  human rights, is   alien interference… 
The  wailingwall  kotel was not alway such a miserable controversial place ! It use to be a place of worship for…  
talks about  KashmirSolidarityDay became victim of domestic politics of  Pakistan  
Israel accepted offers for peace in 1937, 1947, 1967, 2000, 2001 &amp; 2008. The Palestinian leadership rejected them…   
A Real eye Opener!  
A Pakistan journalist says
.  islam! The religion of peace. Unless of course u have to stone someone close  to death.  iqrakhlad…  
Why is the cultish Islamic oppression of women the new symbol of Democrats?  So f$$!? weird…  
Ummm first time going to my terrorism class and all we are doing is watching star wars
Yes, there most ce ainly is phobia against religions, incl.  Judaism—as presented in the d…   
February has sta ed and anti  Valentine messages sta ed to flow in from everywhere. Though i don't celebrate it b…  
How can we productively suppo   Iranian women challenging oppressive laws — without exploiting their imagery? Ampl…  
Let's just get this straight:
Trump Admin Reveals 15 Islamic Jihadis Who Got Visas by Lottery or Chain Migration    
He talks like a drunk teenager who just got caught taking his parent’s car out past curfew.  
ISIS is an us company and now they left their zone!
Hotel in Germany has taken off the flag of the Islamic state of the mullahs and replaced it with the one and only l…
Obviously, renouncing Sharia in favor of national law should be a requirement of citizenship. It probably used to be.… 
And another:  
So Assad, after winning the war, liberating half of Idlib in a month from Hayyat Tahrir Al-Sham (FKA Al Nusra), defeating… 
I've seen all I want of him and his vile opinions. Here's a qu…
ECJ deals with over law such groups on terror list with ECHR tending to deal with individual c…  
Only one word for it, barbaric.   
New Terrorism Tips from Al-Qaeda's Inspire Magazine  
2. After regaining most of the population' suppo  since people saw that these weren't Democracy loving rebels, instead Sa… 
Death of history by Islam.  BillWarnerPhD  
Im concerned for the safety of my children &amp; grandchildren, my government is allowing endless thousands of anonymous men fro… 
Why would he destroy his now regained suppo  by launching chemical weapons when he's easily steamrolling the remaining ji…
Dear West Bengali people.

Muslims won many wars with even less then half warriors against oppositions BELIEVE OR NOT MUSLIMS ARE GR…  
The history of Islam is full of strong women. Beituki's vision of women, however, has them confined to the home   
Tribute to  Pakistan Armed forces!
And don't forget they will ask return of Jihadis who joined  ISIS
Well, what a dose of disrespect for an immigration community that brings huge value to Canada. 
Here we go the takfir merchant is off was maajid nawaz the other way  gobshite  
US is watching countries helping terrorists obtain  nuclear weapons
Super Bowl anti-terrorism documents left on plane - CNN
ISIS is giving free stuff to illegal aliens to commit mass voter fraud.
Why Israeli fighter jets aren’t enough to solve Egypt's ISIS problem  
Work on pedestrians? underpass sta s at Shamsabad    Pakistan  Islamabad  
patience, a vi ue 
Innocent YPG at work in Syria  Afrin .  
The  Iranian authorities arrested 29 women for removing their headscarves in public in protest at the law which obl…  
Sending more US troops to Afghanistan means: sending more coffins &amp; more disabled to US. It's pure physics. 👍 Taliban https:/…
ISIS attacks humanitarian NGO | The Kingston Whig-Standard  
I feel personally called out  
ISIS style brutal killings..are you talking about UP? Saffron force in RKNagar we saw Sir. Jokes…
Wtf I love Roosh V now  
And the political scum do nothing!!!!  
ISIS - A perversion of Islam?  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
Allah's biggest verse:   Terror is an Error.    terrorism  islam  Peace  WeLoveMuslims 
Kashmir is the pa  of  Pakistan and  India should leave it,   
…  
UK  Muslim Child-Rape Gang Guilty Of   The Biggest Case Of Serial Sex Abuse Ever Investigated 
Mathematics during the Golden Age of Islam, especially during the 9th and 10th cen…   
Trudope just compared the isis fighters he is reintegrating back into Canada to Italian immigrants 😂 bruh I can't believe this fuckwad
Super Bowl anti-terrorism documents left on plane  
cnt: Babylon, like modern day Islam, waged war agnst w…   
this is why there never will be peace wherever there is islam.  They dont know how to do not in their genetic make up h…
He's already under arrest for this video !! Daesh or not you cannot act like this
Surat al-baqarah verse 221, Surat al-mumtahinah no. 10 
your mom should have swallowed you instead  
Navy Seal John-Paul Uzoma killed in No h-East - Another gallant Nigerian soldier has lost his life to terrorists i…  
Israel✡  Haaretz broadcast by  TheIsraelCompany: Terrorist behind lethal West Bank stabbing identified as Israeli…  
editorial calls  horsepox synthesis “worrisome” and “not necessary” and calls for expanding dual-use rese…
Israel✡  Haaretz broadcast by  TheIsraelCompany: Contradicting Israeli education minister, Poland says no planned…   
Navy Seal John-Paul Uzoma killed in No h-East - Another gallant Nigerian soldier has lost his life to terrorists i…  
We watched a super graphic documentary about the war in Syria and ISIS in class and I cannot believe some people in…  
🆘‼😯🔥  Iran: Protesters in  Tehran chant:   The Islamic Republic must be destroyed  , while dozens of activists remain in p… 
The Prophet (pbuh) said,   The real patience is at the first stroke of a calamity.   ( Bukhari)  Islam February 05, 2018 at 11:28PM 
Add criminality to DC/GOP-have ISIS join the Taliban-dishonor VETS…  
singaporebizupdate Islamic State's Syrian Legacy: Hidden Explosives - The dangerous task of searching homes and re…  
Israel  TOF  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Abdeslam’s makes a sullen showing at Brussels trial - Now bearded…  
Israel  TOF  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Paul Simon announces his upcoming tour will be his last - Veteran…  
Israel  TOF  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Ariel terrorist has Israeli citizenship, lived in Jaffa - 19-year…   
Israel  TOF  NEWS broadcast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: In cou , defiant Paris attacks suspect ‘trusts in Allah’ - Salah…   
Israel  Times of Israel  TOF  NEWS broadast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Paul Simon announces his upcoming tour will be hi…  
Israel  Times of Israel  TOF  NEWS broadast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Abdeslam’s makes a sullen showing at Brussels tri…  
Israel  Times of Israel  TOF  NEWS broadast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: In cou , defiant Paris attacks suspect ‘trusts i…   
More tolerant are you having a laugh we already accept terrorists coming back to Britain they are also…  
Just ban Islam already.  
Islamophobia was a made up term that the Iranian Islamic Government used to force women to wear the burka after the revolu…
Israel  Times of Israel  TOF  NEWS broadast by  EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Ariel terrorist has Israeli citizenship, lived in…   
: Funny, how if   Putin wins,   Trump is breaking the Russian oil industry with new American energy dominance. 
I 100% agree there is no place for racism or bigotry BUT where you go wring is when you imply it is mu…  
If you're keeping score, that's two major religions the Democrats lack a working knowledge of-Christianity and Isl…   
Angela Merkel declares   Islam is not the source of terrorism   but the Christians who make Islamists feel angry beca…   
This from the first week when isis turks attack on Afrin , all world fighting against kurds with them rat invaders…   
Muslim students in  Kenya stab Christian students for refusing to conve  to Islam    
Israel  Archives    Israel  Cyber  Intelligence
Spen Valley  ahmadiyya  muslim youth help clean up Crows Nest Park in  Dewsbury as pa  of   campaign.  m…
Just off planing a little pa y?  
Its just like how isis has pretty dope music.
So true and especially sad when these ex-Muslims align with Christians to reveal the falseness of Islam.…  
Rule of law doesn’t state releasing convicted terrorists. Won’t be surprised  if the current Supreme cou  releases…  
white ISIS  
Freedom.  
But it is telling how they keep harping on blood or terror or generalise Sikhs as terrorists. Forgot…  
I HATE WHITE SUPREMACISTS, HOMOPHOBES, TRANSPHOBES, MISOGYNISTIC ASSHOLES, RAPISTS, CAPITALISM, FUXKED UP GOVERNMEN…   
Israel depo ing Africans to Africa. Wait, what?  Eritreans have nothing to do with  Rwanda?  Uganda is a foreign…   
U.S. begins reducing troops in Iraq after victory over ISIS - The U.S. has sta ed to reduce the number of its troo…  
Gayoom was an equally arrogant Islamic dictator as well when in power. Radical Jihad got a major fill…  
Pakistan &amp;  Indian armies exchanged heavy firing along  LoC in  JammuAndKashmir Number of innocent  Kashmiris injured in…
US announces shift in anti-ISIS effo s in Iraq from airstrikes and ground operations to   enabling diplomatic and e…   
I've  justdonated to Suppo  The Victims Of ISIS Genocide. Donate on   and suppo  this great cause  
Feel free to call the current drop in bitcoin (and all the alt-coins that have their prices dictated by BTC) as a “correction…
In  Pulwama's  Kakapora area, terrorists attack Rashtriya Rifles Army camp with grenade. Praying for the well being of ou… 
thousands of civilians oppressed by  'terrorists'  in  Afrin  
Thousands of ISIS Fighters Flee in Syria, Many to Fight Another Day 
That Ambedkrite 'scholar' compared Peshwas to Cocaine bcz bo…
Turkey and allied jihadi terrorists commit war crimes not only against civilians but also against ancient sites in…  
How civil society can effectively engage in anti-money laundering &amp; countering financing of terrorism systems and proce…
UK Government: Help the Yazidi women and girls kidnapped by ISIS  YazidiGirls - Sign the Petition!   via  
Where did you get your thoughts?…   
Palestinian Man Admits to Murdering Pregnant Israeli Girlfriend in Act of Terrorism - Last May, Michal Halimi, a 29…   
I think most people know who those bastard terrorists were who conve ed many of  our ancesto…
Anyone who brings this Scum to a Western Country is a TRAITOR !  
SMA   PARKING  SOLUTION | This  Guy Is A  Genius !  Hatsoff |  Pakistan  UK  US  Europe  Canada  India  UAE  Nepal  …
Baloch students are in protest in every corner of  Pakistan against injustice
By the way, it looks so awkward to read   secular jihadist  . Pls cha…   
Crown Prince   [Islamic Republic] claims that it has legitimacy &amp; the backing of people. If so, why do you… 
No one els is Han Solo.  It’s ludicrous, it’s like getting Justine Timberlake to redo Jail House R…   
Great honor to sta  the first meeting of the IPU High-Level Advisory Group on Countering Terrorism and Violent Ext…   Cf
Islam or Muslims?
Discove rueIslam Week is at its full swing in Cardiff today. This is another initiative by the  Ahmadiyya Muslim Communi…
Oh what a piece of crap Iam really  tired of this  Islamic Muslim treasonous PIG
EVERYONE HATES YOU SHITSTAIN BECAUSE IT’S 2018!
Shibir tries to solve the problems of students. It's a dynamic   of the organization is to es…  
US sta s drawdown of troops in Iraq after declaring victory over ISIS  
You mean the Islamic terrorist?
The FBI has spent the War on Terror - including under Saint James Comey - targeting young, vulnerable Muslims- often ones w… 
Huck is a delusional and insane faux christian. He's as twisted as the Taliban or Isis.
‘All terrorists suppo  him’, ha ha ha. 
Listen: Oregon man charged over terrorism false alarm – and that’s not the craziest pa   
Have you discovered its  beauty ? It teaches us to forgive, and  love for others what we love for ourselves.  Islam ! 
That is what kind of leadership India needs... We are proud of our PM Sri   ji and our pa y prez Sri…  
Seven year old girl allegedly  Rape by a school teacher  MehfoozBuchpan  
Sigh. It's not the 'threat of terror…  
Egypt’s army spokesperson strongly denies   a icle which claimed( with no proof or known sources) that Israel…
JihadiJustin working with terrorist organizations  
Indian State Terrorism In  Kashmir
HOW ABOUT BEING A GOOD ASS HUMAN BEING AND JUST RESPECT ISLAM AS A BEAUTIFUL RELIGION !!! AND NOT BE A TRASH ASS HUMAN BEING
That nuclear deal looks great right now doesn’t it  
I mean... Cows man... right ?
Is Islam a religion of peace?   vi
Pakistan:  Pakistan issuing business visa on arrival to friendly countries.  
US sta s drawdown of troops in Iraq after declaring victory over ISIS    
Trump Admin Reveals 15 Islamic Jihadis Who Got Visas by Lottery or Chain Migration    
the dogs status is raised in Islam due to its ability to hunt and find food so no the prophet didn't hate dogs
“The volumes confirm a long-rumored mutual non-aggression pact between authorities in Rome and the PLO, which led I…   
c   The hateful language used in that example isn't even close to bein…  
~ Can't wait to hear your response to  
china Pakistan is playing double game with china taking million of dollars for is country and sending Isis two kill chini…
Great honor to sta  the first meeting of the IPU High-Level Advisory Group on Countering Terrorism and Violent Extremism…
200+ young activists &amp; student leaders in  Islamabad  Pakistan pa icipate in a   workshop on learning leaders…
During a recent speech by Erdogan to a youth convention a significant po ion of the audience got to their feet and…  
Israel could take control of hijacked passenger planes long before 9/11
Radical Muslims are:  Barrack Hussein Obama;  🍁Prime Minister Justin Trudeau; 🇸🇦Omar Khadr, was rewarded $10.5M by…   
US announces shift in anti-ISIS effo s in Iraq from airstrikes and ground operations to   enabling diplomatic and economic effo… 
I agree the hijab should be banned for very young girls in primary schools – it's not Islamophobic to say that
Actually most domestic terrorists are atheists
Wow! We have to fight for our Nation. Innocent citizens arrested while terrorists roam freely.
You know that Idlib is entirely controlled by Al Qaeda (rebranded) + Russians + Syrian Air Force are fi…
Ahmadiyya  Muslim Association helped organise tea pa y at St John's  Church, Dewsbury Moor   
Islam is a political agenda in d name of religion. its a fight fo…
Crooked bastards. This corruption runs deeper than imagined.  
Wow. How nice to see  terrorists  PKK  suppo ers masquerading as historian…  
The Pakistani Army has been suppo ing infiltration by terrorists along the border, Army Vice Chief Sarath Chand sa…   
In 2017,  Pakistan violated ceasefire 771 times across the LoC, while the figure stood at 228 in 2016. |   
Muslim Association helped organise tea pa y at St John's Church,  Dewsbury Moor 
An Israeli man was stabbed outside  Ariel,  Israel, and later died of his injuries 
Enemy221b: The  Multiple Case 🚔
There is no such thing as a British Muslim as this fine specimen is proving. What we have is muslims living in Britain. Th…
How should I know what racists do? What are you saying racists do with Islamic texts? Religious text…  
Another crime committed by the terrorists of the criminal Erdoğan against a fighter of the Syrian Democratic Forces. I…
International arms watchdog finds that most ISIS weaponry was purchased by the United States and Saudi Arabia befor…  
A strengthening moment in the history of Iran!  
💕💕💕💕 The Prophet (pbuh) said,   The real patience is at the first stroke of a calamity.   ( Bukhari)  Islam 
Talk it out: Does the threat of terrorism warrant canceling school trips to Washington DC? -    
i just got off the phone with God and He said He didn’t think anyone would notice but you did. patriots…  
They cant't be bothered answering you or even updating their own Twitter page - another example of BBC   couldn't care less ab… 
Thousands of ISIS Fighters Flee in Syria, Many to Fight Another Day   
PAKISTAN
Oh, NOW you're alarmed...like, DUH, what did you expect? Either you are stupid or you think everyone else is stupid…   
US feeds isis pkk/pyd  and other terrorists and  pays them  to do terrorist bombings and attacks to d…  
lmao i once had fbs for both my rabbits &amp; they communicated w each other. it was a simpler time.  
Israel accepted offers for peace in 1937, 1947, 1967, 2000, 2001 &amp; 2008. The Palestinian leadership rejected them all! h… 
…  
Read About Slavery in Islam. It'll Educate you. A…  
Good to see justice being done for this Nazi thug who tried to terrorise LGBT people in Barrow. I hope the sentence will f…
I think by electrifying the transpo  less oil money will go to states which are awash with di y petrol…  
Egyptian Islamic Jihad (Inside the World's Most Infamous Terrorist Organizations): Tamra B Orr: 9781852839277: A...  
Islamic Year ?
Yes MOHAMMAD is all are brother I am ALLAH PEACE ON EA H.  
JVP Seder,  hmm, do you not think of Hamas, Islamic Jihad, PFLP and Iran when you get to v'he shamada?…   
Shame on you.
When you're talking about Islam but a hot girl passes by and you're like   SubhanAllah! 
&gt;Ian Miles Cheong saying Muslims and ISIS are not conservative.
votesforwomen lefty &amp; liberals flawed love of Islam  hypocrisyofthehighestorder
(US Sta s Withdrawing Troops From Iraq After ISIS Defeat) Notes  Blogs &amp; A icles By QuoterLand -…  
Families invited to plant trees at Dewsbury Country Park    Islam  Ahmadiyya
Our   pa ner  Australia oversees an Iraqi Special Forces heavy weapons training course at Camp Taji, Iraq. This trai… 
Our Director of International and Regional Manager have had an excellent day meeting pa ners and dignitaries in Pa…  
Over 100 deaths directly linked to this hate group.
Refugee ARABS  Muslim - NOT WELCOME IN POLAND  
Aktor hollywood masuk islam!
Islam is undermining our way of life. The imposition of halal into our food chain is a good exampl…  
This is our America now,and liberals are willing to sacrifice our security and lives to protect illeg…   
I liked a   video   HERO Pilot of Downed Su-25 in Syria Set Off Grenade When Surrounded by Terrorists –
Build Bridges, not walls. Unite in the fight against  Terrorism.   
Reminder as to WHY a MAJORITY of Americans &amp; other countries have a problem with Donald Trump'…  
WATCH  LISTEN  LEARN   BillWarner  PoliticalIslam puts you  straight about  muh  migration , its all  jihad btw   
Quick reminder: Compulsory hijab is not pa  of Iranian culture. Morality police running over women for not complying ...…
Come on Indian Army! we don't want to see stats like those. Give those Pakistani   CeasefireViolating SOBs a cracke…  
ownsend7: ISIS - A perversion of Islam?  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
Muslims didn't kill kafir Ankit, their knives did : Gurmehar Kaur 
What is happening in  Libya, Middle East,  Syria &amp;  Iraq, has an influence on  Sahel   
This reference made my morning
Russianpilot shot down by  USA supplied  SAM to  AlNusra is named as  RomanFilipov. This brave man exploded a gren…  
U.S. sta s Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over ISIS  
Over 100 deaths directly linked to this hate group.
Coming from…  
When antifa breaks a banks window, banks who are responsible for the destruction of thousands if not millions of li…   
They forced Pope Benedict out because he did not throw out Pediphile priest but the Argentine commie just pardoned…  
ISIS Tries To Attack Libyan Oilfield  
Turns out Russian fighter pilot wasn’t actually killed by terrorists….    
WE THE PPL BOYCOTT them out of BUSINESS!  MAGA!  
Oklahoma politician ( Republican) thinks that Gays are worse than  Terrorists who blow up buildings    OKC  Tulsa
Flash:-
Its technically right but the way liberal arab phrased it made him look retarded as by his logic the Khmer…
If Nikki Haley is Pissing Islamic Extremists Off Enough For Them To Tell Her to ‘Shut Up’, She Must Be Doing an Absolu… 
UK Government: Help the Yazidi women and girls kidnapped by ISIS  YazidiGirls - Sign the Petition!   via  
balkanservicegroup Machete-Wielding Attacker Shot in Presidential Complex in Tehran: The assailant, believed to be…   
My mom says talking while in the bathroom is frowned upon in Islam. What about using our cell phones?   📵🚽    
ECJ rules against us on prisoner votes, surveillance of terrorists, migrant residence tests to…   
Afghan national police &amp; army must sta  training dogs to combat drugs and terrorism.
Women Discuss Experiences with Sex  Jihad in  Syria  
Woman sold as a sex slave by ISIS confronts terrorist who raped hundreds    
I take it Janet Jackson has fully recovered from her Islamic phase
y357: Islam is a mental disorder.⬇️
Hmm The Prophet (pbuh) said,   The real patience is at the first stroke of a calamity.   ( Bukhari)  Islam 
Welcome to Jordan those are coming to pa icipate at the Mobile Innovation Summit 2918
Which of Islam is not a question on a global problem which ABC left wing when fact-checking became separate from th…  
Ahmadiyya Muslim Youth out in force today planting 2,000 trees in Dewsbury    Islam  Ahmadiyya… 
Review of HABIBI by Craig Thompson   Published in 2011, this graphic novel is a whole lotta--…   
The silence is deafening! The Kurdish people fought Isis bravely with American suppo  and now are abandoned by Ame…  
Bilkol The Prophet (pbuh) said,   The real patience is at the first stroke of a calamity.   ( Bukhari)  Islam 
WhiteHelmets = Radical Islamic terrorists
Ahmadiyya Muslim Youth out in force today planting 2,000 trees in Dewsbury    Islam  Ahma… 
yandEcon How does   know if the billions   lost   aren't going directly to  ISIS or…   
The continuous incidents of  terrorism in  Pakistan are a conspiracy to hide the  independence movement of…  
EU  IslamicTerrorism  LeftistTerrorism  Globalism=Communism
When it comes to the “exodus” of her own KP Biradari, she talks about  Islamists and NOT “patriarchy” which she dep…   
Woman sold as a sex slave by ISIS confronts terrorist who raped hundreds: Source: FEED A Yazidi woman who was...  
World community should suppo  Kashmir freedom movement in IOK: Mamnoon    India  Pakistan
UN chief voices concern over situation in  Gaza, calls for two-state solution to Israeli-Palestinian conflict…   
Kashmir Solidarity Day observed across Pakistan, Azad Kashmir    India  Pakistan 
MAGA  TravelBan  LeftistTerrorism  IslamicTerrorism  Illegals
Ahmadiyya Muslim Youth out in force today planting 2,000 trees in Dewsbury    Islam  Ahmadiyya… 
Before that I was in the Army and I got to kill Muslims for fun. I’m not sure which is better: watching niggers...   
Ahmadiyya Muslim Youth out in force today planting 2,000 trees in Dewsbury    Islam  Ahmadiyya… 
No mention of  Turkey's Massive Escalation Charles? causing an  Iranian response, not to mention  Turkey's stated aims… 
Why isn't anyone asking Mr. Mueller this   great   leader why he lied to the public when poor 8 year old Ma in Richard and other… 
Bomb kills one, injures seven in southwest  Pakistan   
I agree, calling it   Islamist terrorism   fudges the issue.  Its   Islamic terrorism  , practiced by Mohammed and commanded in… 
Excited to be getting going on next stage of this project // Counter-Terrorism Review and Good Governance  
Paul Bremer on lessons learned in Iraq: mistakes and successes, the rise of ISIS, and his proudest achievement…   
I liked a   video   Tommy Robinson in Germany, Exposing Islam/ Muslims/ Refugees/ Migrants/… 
SDF terrorists destroyed a Turkish tank in Bulbul neighborhoods. American weapon was in action again…  
Prophet  Muhammad (PBUH) : My  AhlalBayt are like Noah's Ship , who embark will be survive , who refuse will be perish . 
In the future, GOP will b outlawed, they ARE homegrown terrorists, assaulting the norms of decency. W/Trump leading  https:… 
YPG ATGM obliterate a   technical   military vehicle belonging to the Turkish-backed jihadist mercenaries in  Afrin. https… 
HRW:  Iraq forcefully displaced 235 families over  ISIS ties  
Malcolm X was an African-American Muslim minister and human rights activist. Intelligent and a iculate, Malcolm was also the… 
How long have you been an Al Shabab terrorist? Do you enjoy killing Somali civilians in Mogadishu? Real…  
Super Bowl anti-terrorism documents left on plane  
UN chief voices concern over situation in  Gaza, calls for two-state solution to Israeli-Palestinian conflict   
premarital sex islam girls sex porn video  
he is an idiot, absolutely no doubt that Islamic ideology is the biggest global threat to gay people 
Welcome to Jordan those are coming to pa icipate at the Mobile Innovation Summit 2918
The  Geneva meeting that was conducted with management by  …
One of Iranian who living in  Hamburg said :   yesterday I went to  the store to buy a ruler for my son, for others flowers,… 
THIS BOY WAS SOLD TO ISIS - SOMEHOW HE GOT AWAY AND FOUND HIS GRANDMOTHER - HOW LONG CAN THIS GO ON?…  
Read About Slavery in Islam. It'll Educate you. A…  
UN chief voices concern over situation in  Gaza, calls for two-state solution to Israeli-Palestinian conflict…   
just imagine 1 second if Israel killed hundreds of Palestinians in 2 weeks using airstrike &amp; terrorists groups, how many UN… 
Egypt- Amaq repo  on  ISIS IED attacks near al-Arish, No h  Sinai, destroying a bulldozer, killing &amp; wounding police off… 
ation:  Israel depo ing Africans to Africa. Wait, what?  Eritreans have nothing to do with  Rwanda?  Uganda is a foreign land… 
Enlighten Your Hea  That Connects -   -  SpiritualGuidance  ramadan  islam  
Liberal MP equating ISIS fighters to all muslims.  Who's the racist here again?
Jesus Christ is a Muslim; as he did worship and submit to none but God Almighty  Islam  Monotheism
Which equals one prosecution [nationally] in a decade.
Let's hope they get caught outside of Canada, b/c if  JihadiJustin gets jurisdiction over them, he'll try to reintegra… 
Islam and the “trans” cabal have a lot in common.

Palestines Islamic Jihad:  Salfeet Stab Operation Responds To Zionist Crimes  Security    
Palestinian admits to killing pregnant Israeli lover over political motivations |  …  
From  Israel ✈️ Eritrea. Of the 18 Eritrean immigrants who voluntarily left Israel on 28 Dec 2017, eight gladly too…   
سنیے The Prophet (pbuh) said,   The real patience is at the first stroke of a calamity.   ( Bukhari)  Islam 
Thread of Minister   at the Legal Network Initiative conference, about the need to stop European tax payers fundi… 
Iranian Leaders Speak of Threat of Social Media  FreeIran  IranianProtests  FreeThemAll
News No reason? Other than the fact that…  
Samaritan’s Purse VP Nominated for UN Refugee Role Faces Backlash
Oh right, assad is fighting himself in Syria because…   
As Nigerian Army Says Boko Haram Is Defeated, Terrorists Invade Borno Village   
I've been saying this from the beginning. Guerrilla groups are not this organized, are not this well-armed, and DO…   
We ask our friends in the US and other EU Member States and in Canton Afrin to equip us with anti-attacks by the mu…  
BREAKING: President Sma  has spoken, referring to the terrorists as   losers.   FBI director Ray Ramsey responds say…   
[The Trent] As Nigerian Army Says Boko Haram Is Defeated, Terrorists Invade Borno Village   
U.S. Drawing Down Military Presence in Iraq After ISIS Defeated - The Political Insider  
[The Trent] As Nigerian Army Says Boko Haram Is Defeated, Terrorists Invade Borno Village   
J&amp;K: Terrorists hurl grenade at army camp in Pulwama JammuAndKashmir
Love from  Pakistan &amp;  Peoples  
Going live on Islam Channel at 7 😬  
No, because Turkey 🦃 is isis   
King Abdullah on the   civil war   within Islam - CNN Video   
…  
ISIS now is against Iran. Sounds like we are still funding them. When will the fools wake up.
Crooked bastards. This corruption runs deeper than imagined.  
Anti-Muslim sentiment shouldn't be considered bigotry. This doesn't helps anyone. The sentiment of revenge and suff…  
Europe: Making Islam Great Again  
Here is Avigail Abarbanel's first-hand experience of abandoning the cult in which she was raised.  cults  Israel…  
women have more rights in Islam if u read scripture, don't judge Islam by Muslims judge Islam by Islam ie Quran and sunnah 
Engineer my foot! No be all these Almajiri University in the no h this one attend?😂😂😂😂I bet you that…  
It is convenient timing though that at the very time  ISIS is moved by  US from Iraq/Syria they appear to…  
Man Killed, Other Injured In Shooting In  Clifton Area  Pakistan  Security 
This is extreme ethnic cleansing. It is not accidental. It may be slow, but it is steady &amp; purposeful. The goal is…   
So far we have a BloodLess WAR &amp; Moslem are trying their BEST to UNDERMINE our 1 Amendment. FREEDOM o…  
This abhorrent act of Pakistan must be dealt with sternly.... cannot agree with you more!  
The continuous incidents of  terrorism in  Pakistan are a conspiracy to hide the  independence movement of  Kashmiris. Agha Ha…
Zero Tolerance equals one prosecution [nationally] in a decade.
J&amp;K: Terrorists hurl grenade at army camp in Pulwama JammuAndKashmir
Well as a Muslim he is going to back Muslims and promote Islam over Christian British and any other religion that's…  
Tough new sanctions on those who fund Hezbollah terrorism
The Prophet (pbuh) said,   The real patience is at the first stroke of a calamity.   ( Bukhari)  Islam 🤔 
Can you explain why ISIS AlQaeda has been huddled on Israels border yet never attacks them? I…  
Yes, you have said you suppo  the murd…   
International arms watchdog finds that most ISIS weaponry was purchased by the United States and Saudi Arabia before being…
right from kobani to july 2015 the us could have used its leverage w both s…  
Guess I’m coming back to Philly on Thursday huh? JihaD  
SDF terrorists destroyed a Turkish tank in Bulbul neighborhoods. American weapon was in action again
…  
Also a good time to remember that Colin Kaepernick was banned from the NFL for peacefully protesting racial injusti…  
So   is being treated as a suspected terrorist! Repo edly held at the Anti-Terrorism Police Unit (ATPU…  
All Canadians should follow this gentleman.   tells the truth about what is happening in Canada. Please Retweet…
4 terrorists must have missed their reintragration classes. This is scary times JT has intro…
hWestFOI: Watch as a Palestinian terrorist cowardly attacks and murders an Israeli father of 4 from behind at a bus stop.  …
However when a non Muslim woman and her kids can be conve ed to Islam, it is acceptable to take her as a wife   
when will the Innocent victims of British terrorists going to get justice? dup are a disgrace British a…  
incrediblefood  goodbeer taybeh_beer  winebar  israel  telaviv  wineba elaviv @ Wine Bar  
Yazidi Woman Kidnapped And Raped Blasts Isis Fighter  Iraq  Security    
Wrong. They created ISIS, not fuelled.   
If I had a gun with two bullets in a room with you and two members of ISIS..... I’d shoot you twice!!!!
“Just a bit hypocritical”? U’re very-very kind. It is stomach-turning to read the boi…  
What would Churchill think?  karynpalminteri  batchelorshow WMAL is…  
If you're keeping score, that's two major religions the Democrats lack a working knowledge of-Christianity and Islam.… 
GeorgeSoros Funding Protests In  Israel, African Migrants Must Leave  ReconsiderNews via  MiddleEastEye   
I want someone to tell us WHO is responsible for inviting these potential murderers and terrorists…  
HERE ARE OUR DOMESTIC TERRORISTS.  
This  PashtunLongMarch is a good initiative against the state terrorism. We should suppo  this march on social media and othe…
True. We know those guys running around arresting Raila's friends are fake police officers. They ar…  
Takes time to end a war. I agree with you there, but it takes time. The US…   
This is true. There is no difference between Hitler and ISIS/Islam
Ruling resonates with essence of  Islam: 
Love is Love. Stop Hate Crimes. 🙏🏻 Any form of terrorism is a form of Hate!  
Where in op does it say anything about criminal, it stays GROWING CALLS a…   
U.S. military initiates changes following victory over ISIS  
120dB: German Women speak up against migrant violence, abuse and terrorism -- as a real rape culture is being impo ed i… 
But ... but ... but Justin Trudeau promised to end Canada's combat mission!  Because fighting ISIS is bad or someth…  
I also joined the Conservative Pa y of Canada   and made a substantial donation the day after   said he w…
That is what international media is showing about Islam..  
Disgraceful. Avoiding the point completely. Does he think he is talking to gullible 5 year olds!?  
Proposed Bill C-59 is a steady progression of Anti-Terrorism laws putting expanding secretive and dangerous powers in the h…
Many jihadi groups left battlefields against Assad regim&amp;headed towards Afrin to fight Kurds in the ranks of racist…  
😝🤔 The Prophet (pbuh) said,   The real patience is at the first stroke of a calamity.   ( Bukhari)  Islam 
Lost: People in  Iran are asking for the whereabouts of the woman who took off her  hijab to protest the mandatory Islamic dress…
Bahrain: abusive convictions of four women on terrorism charges via    
How do you work   by, with, and through   a pa ner force to take back a city from ISIS?    

As I try to sleep,  Israel  F16 has been cruising over our heads on low altitudes for the past hour or so. Ugh. 
Paul Bremer on lessons learned in Iraq: mistakes and successes, the rise of ISIS, and his proudest achievement…   
King of Jordan: ‘Maybe there’s a lack of understanding of Islam’ in Washington    
A+ parody.  
This is how  JihadiJustin justified doing nothing against ISIS
Airforce pilots who drop bombs on civilians should be treated the same way terrorists are treated. At the very least,… 
Jeanne Ives RACIST PIG for Governor sh…  
RIP Hero✌️ Russia
Out of the strong comes hope   
And sister, as being familiar to Islam, I’m sure you know that Allah has rather EXEMPTED ya from e…   
umm The Prophet (pbuh) said,   The real patience is at the first stroke of a calamity.   ( Bukhari)  Islam 
The issue isn't that people care if these women wear these garments, the issue is most are forced…   
UK Government: Help the Yazidi women and girls kidnapped by ISIS  YazidiGirls - Sign the Petition!   via  
Paul Bremer on lessons learned in Iraq: mistakes and successes, the rise of ISIS, and his proudest achievement…   
The   ‘nails’ it:
(Paul Bremer on lessons learned in Iraq: mistakes and successes, the rise of ISIS, and his proudest achievement) pu…   
Israel Should Maintain its Boycott on Far-Right Pa ies in  Europe, writes   at  …   
Oregon: Convicted  Muslim rapist sues state over failure to provide  sharia meals
Why is the cultish Islamic oppression of women the new symbol of Democrats?  So f$$!? weird.
The  Iranian authorities arrested 29 women for removing their headscarves in public in protest at the law which obliges…
.  rapid responders working in worst humanitarian crises in the world - rapid responders gave nearly 4,000 days of… 
From  Israel ✈️ Eritrea. Of the 18 Eritrean immigrants who voluntarily left Israel on 28 Dec 2017, eight gladly took the fli… 
WAR ZONE LONDON: When you elect such Islamic Mayor, expect the following catastrophes to happen in your city   
Listened all day to folks working to help  Yezidi women return to families, to help communities return to life. And…   
Battle Over Bodies Rages Quietly in Iraq’s Mosul Long After Islamic State Defeat    news  news
ISIS really knows what he's talking about……
Battle Over Bodies Rages Quietly in Iraq’s Mosul Long After Islamic State Defeat: The…  
So   is being treated as a suspected terrorist! Repo edly held at the Anti-Terrorism Police Unit (ATPU) HQs…
Islam have the same morally corrupt god as you. Good is…  
Microwaving fish as work is the smallest form of domestic terrorism.
We must remove this traitor and the threat he is to our sovereignty. He is definitely…  
And they made sense to be re-written that way, terroris…   
When will people look at the indisputable evidence of independent journalists  …

breaking  Propaganda
About Islam’s Quote Of The Week.  

Im not uneducated at all, i know all about afric…   
'Terrorists killing children'  ManchesterArena   this is not what this is about   Kirsty Wark   - No Kirsty… 
Wow this is a serious accusation from a sitting MP... plus it's a lie!
Wait, I thought Rex Tillerson said last year that State Depa ment officials would be needed less as military confl…   

I slept late yesterday about 4am
UK Government: Help the Yazidi women and girls kidnapped by ISIS  YazidiGirls - Sign the Petition!   via  
…  
In the context of the flag semantics of the Syrian rebel landscape, it is absolutely clear who you root for when you show the… 
Me: b...              My white professor who knows nothing about Islam: IVE…  
Islamic Muslim Stainless Steel Men and Women Bracelet Bangle Shiny Silver plated Best Prices    
Listen to What is Islam?
Many jihadi groups left battlefields against Assad regim&amp;headed towards Afrin to fight Kurds in the ranks of racist Turkish…
One thing I don’t understand is why feminists end their letter with word Amen?Amen is abr…
Listened all day to folks working to help  Yezidi women return to families, to help communities return to life. And often… 
Sura Al-baqarah 2:221, Sura al-mumtahinah 60:12 
I liked a   video   Inside The Weird World of an Islamic 'Feminist' Cult
Lol. You people need to stop being victims 24/7.
Beautiful collection of hard to find mosaic glass beads from the Islamic world &amp; beyond ...   
islamic virgin girls get fuck nude outdoor teen  
The media's refusal to tackle the threat of Islamic extremism and to ins…  
Fam your eyes are like two different postcodes  
…  
More on last link. Yazidi woman kidnapped and raped blasts ISIS fighter    
Nato terrorist ally Turks isis terrorists      …
They forced Pope Benedict out because he did not throw out Pediphile priest but the Argentine commie just pardoned a bunch pedo…
Pilot Of Downed Russian Su-25 Detonated Grenade As Terrorists Advanced  
Kabul terrorists attacks were planned from within Afghan government, 8 arrested: Afghan officials…   
Paris Bataclan Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge: “I Put My Faith in Allah”    Islam  Islamic  Hijrah
John Brennan shld be held accountable for his reckless handling of the nation’s secrets. Was prose…  
Israeli Military Chief Warns:  Gaza on Verge of Collapse, Brings Both Sides Closer to War in 2018 
Ur fat  
Khalifa Haftar sends Saudi-influenced Abu Abdul-Rahman Makki, a Libyan extremist Salafist scholar, to Ain Mara frontline, s… 
One was terrorism the other wasn't. The first guy mounted a pavement as revenge to a…  
I'm talking specifically about Muslim men though not abt Islam
Depressing news if you're a democrat  
From Syrian/Russia backed source   South Front.   
girl we going to Islam?
ETDefence: The Pakistani Army has been suppo ing infiltration by terrorists along the border, Army Vice Chief Sara…   
Trudeaux is a sham. Why would you try and integrate Isis back into a country that they despise and will r…  
PashtunLongMarch islam Abad  
Lets see you sta  to critisize  islam and its practice and we will see if you last the night ok ?
if only Europeans had brains enough to demand a 1st A &amp; 2nd A they would be much safer. a few CC C…  
Iraq's parliamentary elections, scheduled for May 2018, will serve as the first national referendum since defeatin…   
Corbyn loves the suppo  of terrorists !! ☹️🇬🇧🇬🇧☹️  
barbaric turks  
Quran says:
Eric Rudolph and the rights of American terrorists  
Is this islamophobia or women fighting against Islamic oppression 🤷‍♀️  
are you the new Shah Shuja?  AFG  kabul  Afghanistan People want answers.  
What was it a recipe for Roasted  Muslim ?
ہانجی The Prophet (pbuh) said,   The real patience is at the first stroke of a calamity.   ( Bukhari)  Islam 
This hyper-nationalism built around the propaganda that all Kashmiris are terrorists &amp; stone pelters will drive young Kas…
Fragile  Red  China between  FreeTibet  Islam  Christianity oppression by  communism &amp;  humanrights violation &amp;  islamism  terrorism
Ashok Zakhmi Top 5 Islamic Video Song Vol.2 || Super Hit Islamic Video Song || Musicraft:   via  
He should sue for failure to provide, some FN TWEEZERS!! Sheesh, what a unibrow.   
Sounds like the dollar in some respects.  
US and Afghanistan are abs…
My   a icle on how the UK is betraying our Kurdish allies against ISIS to make a fast buck selling arms to Turkey.…
Pakistan left red faced at Gwadar  CPEC expo as  China displays a map showing  GilgitBaltistan and Jammu Kashmir as pa …
Catastrophic Terrorism: Tackling the New Danger  
send the RSS and BD on border along with so called Nationalist  
Turkey’s war against Kurdish Population in Afrin, No h Syria will bring back terrorists: Iran -   
There could have been victims though; just like there could have been with the interc…  
It is a deliberate, conce ed domestic terrorism campaign. It will subdue dissent, while making th…   
Given oppo unity some Christians folk could have easily been as bad as Islamic extremists. T…  
However when a non Muslim woman and her kids can be conve ed to Islam, it is acceptable to take her as a wife   
Trump special envoy condemns  Hamas funding of terror during humanitarian crisis in  Gaza  
Don’t let small minds convince you that your dreams are too big.
Do you debate with ISIS ? Or Taliban ? Then why debate with a Zionist regi…
Dear W/Bengali your land has become a land of Jihadi, 
Jihad with Music.   Then they wonder why Kashmiris have been oppressed for 70 years while Afghan Mujahideen beat tw…   
…  
Instead of moral suppo  only 2 Kashmiris, Pakistan should suppo  dissident elements in India as being done by the…   
How can they not understand? They only have to look at what Israel has done and continues to do to the Palestinians.  
Tommy Robinson in Germany, Exposing Islam/ Muslims/ Refugees/ Migrants/ Bias Media. 5/2/2018. Trump.   
Is the BBC psychic? Or were they in bed with The Terrorists (The Globalists)? How could they talk about…  
Yes, and he didn't even answer the question.  The people in the audience clapped because they are being polite, it…   
Nothing is good enough for those assholes. They think they're holy because they are muslim, so guess what buddy, yo…   
Islam did not exist yet !!!!  
If I had a gun with two bullets in a room with you and two members of ISIS..... I’d shoot you twice!!!!  
Honorkilling: 23-year-old  Hindu man stabbed &amp; beheaded in public by  Muslim girlfriend's family
Turkish Airlines sponsoring  SuperBowl pre-game show.
Yeah sure, that doesn't work anymore. Try different method for you taqqiyah   
Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, Trissur pa icipated in Trissur Book Fair to spread the True message of Islam.  muslimsforpeace… 
Music is audio pornography today, that's what it is. Its explicit, it's shameless, it's vulgar, it takes your sense of h… 
CAMBRIDGE MOSQUE OPEN DAY
The Trump people are so awesome at their jobs  stupidity  
Limbaugh EXPOSES Why Obama Says   ISIL   Instead Of   ISIS   - Shocking!   
Iranian Canadians in  Toronto held rally to suppo   IranUprising   and  calling for  FreeAllProtesters  براندازم  IranP… 
More half-truths from the msm.  
Battle Over Bodies Rages Quietly in Iraq’s Mosul Long After Islamic State Defeat  
You forgot: drain the swamp; defeat isis; reduce taxes and red-tape regulations; honor…
You research on Muslims sinha, this is an indian concern. Dig out all history to prove, Islam…   
News Holy shit will you please provide a…  
iTikoo   Arre, Aa i ji ki baat toh suno, she ain’t discussing ‘cause’ of terrorism, she…   
a  Muslim predicted  Medjugorje?  
Ohio: Muslim migrant who plotted jihad terror attack in Texas asks for depo ation instead of prison  
Army Shoots Dead Three Saudi Soldiers In  Jizan  SaudiArabia  Security    
AZ,94643,2/5/2018 18:37,  All western nations MUST NOW RID THEMSELVES of Politicians like Merkel 
Facebook EXCLUDES  Israel ‘  Country ’ Option – Includes  Fake  Terror -State ‘  Palestine’  
SaudiArabia Defense Forces intercept and destroy a  ballisticmissile launched towards Khamis Mushait.  IRGC_Out  https…
…  
You do realise this guy joker gives money to isis. Threatens kids and women…
I study our Beloved Prophetﷺ daily .. and the things we learn from His…  
I am calling on   to proactively block bots and trolls who score a 10/10 on the   tool that ident…
They had it already in  Pakistan you don’t know that? Shamsi base while they attack Afghanistan. Plz ask…  
Rajouri attack |  Pakistan used Bakthar Shikan anti tank  missiles to target  IndianArmy’s forward posts along LoC…  
The only issue on which ramble mouth Trump is silent is the epidemic of lethal domestic terrorism by his…  
Correct me if I'm wrong but the term   man   is a nondifferentiated  term for a human whereas woman specifically denotes… 
Iranian Canadians in  Toronto held rally to suppo   IranUprising   and  calling for  FreeAllProtesters  براندازم…   
No h-East pa  of  Nigeria was worst hit when insurgents held sway which threatened territorial integrity of our nation.…
Oh yes there is His name is Jesus Christ and the demons of islam can’t stand His Name
-geonews_urdu propaganda BUSTED :: Safia Rani rejects the statement quoted with her name of being pressurised by KP…  
Terrorism, Modernization to Fuel Malaysian Defence Procurement: LIMA 13   
LittleSchiff   involved in over $8million of children body pa s.  Abducting, to ure, raping and harvesti… 
Says the lawyer for Islamic terrorists.
Honking Horns Hail the Liberation of Mosul From Islamic State - Bloomberg  
Her mum fears going to hell because of her. Her brother beats her and her sister to keep them from doubting. She is afraid…
Muslim Rape Epidemic In  Norway - this is what happens when you welcome Radicals   
Tommy Robinson in Germany! Exposing Islam!!!
Sach main The Prophet (pbuh) said,   The real patience is at the first stroke of a calamity.   ( Bukhari)  Islam 
This  bipa isan and  bicameral effo  to directly target members of the  Iranian regime who continue to pa ake in…  
Islam is not great nor will it make Canada great.
Trump Admin Reveals 15 Islamic Jihadis Who Got Visas by Lottery or Chain Migration   via  
(This is a list of Facebook profiles of those Hindu girls who are either victims of love-jihad or are in the...  
IRANIAN  WOMEN DEPRIVED OF THEIR BASIC  HUMANRIGHTS UNDER FUNDAMENTALIST REGIME IN  IRAN  
giving money to terrorists. forcing abo ion in Africa. creeping sahira law and plan to islamify a…  
Huge police cuts in the age of terrorism? Who are actually the political leaders of the UK? Is PM May Merkel li…
Doesn't make the  PPP corruption free but this is indeed commendable.
…
The Russian embassy wants everyone to know that a top spymaster visited the US (and repo edly met Pompeo), despite being… 
POTUS is a jackass that claim Climate Change was created by China to hu  the US econom…  
yh I agree some cases yes then but they are not following true Islam yet they lable themselves as Muslims
Can we call this an act of terrorism? Is there an enough information for this acquisition?
Can we call this an act of terrorism? Is there an enough information for this acquisition? via  
II: That's what they do terrorism is not violence .  Terrorism is control through fear.  That's how so many of our rights h…
I m a Hindu . thinking of embracing islam
The UK’s anti-terrorism watchdog wants to see the term “Islamist terrorism” stamped out, saying it is “fundamentally wro… 
Got no problem. BLM protestors are thugs.  
Paris Massacre Terrorist Complains About Islamophobia   via   Tattoo   Terrorist  …   
Reality is all politicians are there to screw the country &amp; in turn guys who are fighting terrorists
We ask our friends in the US and other EU Member States and in Canton Afrin to provide anti-terrorist attacks on th…  
This is environmental terrorism pure and simple. The people of NC will not forget!
lett   You have to ask  …  
Didn't trump change the mission of our counter terrorism task force to ignore alt right violence as terrorism
In the ISLAM,taking interest by paying a loan is haram(forbidden)and it's big sin (ISLAM-the helpful religion) 
Yup  not surprised  they must be! Wonder when they became so.....screwed up?  And deranged and  bac…
Obama,Democrat appointed by Islam. 
Pilot of downed Su-25 in Syria set off grenade when surrounded by terrorists – Russian MoD —   World News  
This explains chastity belts for goats, sheep, and camels in Islamic la-la lands. 
Athiests and Christians are united against Islam is not a strange thing... Read this hadith brother is…  
Wo hley:     1000's hours donated to LE. Attended Intel briefings. Biggest shock was O…
Please Suppo  The Victims Of ISIS Genocide   via  
Unfo unately the only things that will get rid of islam are time and knowledge.
Former President of  Pakistan and President  PPPP   addresses huge public gathering at Mochi Gate…  
Islam and Christianity. Two sides of the same coin.
Speaker   Says African Nations Must Unite to Fight Terrorism |   - Breaking News,…   
Women, soldiers and civilians I met in No hern Syria in September 2017, who defeated ISIS, are  now under attack by Turkish… 
Not a pope❗️ a demon who loves pedophiles and Islam! BO is his guy! Communist and socialist! What the hell,…   
*hate crimes increase to historic levels, as do incidents of neo-Nazi terrorism* 
…  
By abusing provoking  Pakistan you can't bring peace. Let us appeal both the countries to restore peace.   MLA Jav…
Israel releases Islamic Jihad militant -    
Tommy Robinson in Germany, Exposing Islam/ Muslims/ Refugees/ Migrants/ ...   via   
backward terrorists like these ones?  
Paris Bataclan Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge: “I Put My Faith in Allah”  
For more on   conditions under which Daesh can re-emerge,   it's wo h taking a look back at how ISIS emerged from th…   
BREAKING New  Terrorism Frequency Repo  published.  AQ  Daesh merger? More bomb plots in U.K.?  Cyber terrorism and a  Vi u…
That's not    Islam  . That's something that has a precise name— Daesh—and a precise fate—ann…   
Paris Bataclan Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge: “I Put My Faith in Allah”    
MAP  SAA  HEZBOLLAH  TIGERFORCE &amp;it’s allies captured many areas 4m  Daesh or  ISIS best buddy of USA &amp; western allies!…
*Contains disturbing footage*
Repo s of woman &amp; child murdered by  EastGhouta terrorists in  Damascus today. Seems they were not so traumatised…  
*Contains disturbing footage*
s     lett    …  
Repo s of woman &amp; child murdered by  EastGhouta terrorists in  Damascus today. Seems they were not so traumatised by al…
Iranian President: Diplomacy With U.S. is an Active ‘Jihad'  
The NATO-Al Qaeda coalition is on the move  
Paris Bataclan Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge: “I Put My Faith in Allah”    
Paris Bataclan Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge: “I Put My Faith in Allah”    
Paris Bataclan Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge: “I Put My Faith in Allah”    
Paris Bataclan Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge: “I Put My Faith in Allah”    
Paris Bataclan Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge: “I Put My Faith in Allah”: No matter how many times and various…  
Paris Bataclan Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge: “I Put My Faith in Allah”    
YesNews247   borzou: US announces shift in anti-ISIS effo s in Iraq from airstrikes and ground operations to   en…   
Wait, I thought Rex Tillerson said last year that State Depa ment officials would be needed less as military conflicts wou… 
The KKK believes in an ideology of White Supremacy, Christianity doesn't promote White Su…   
It’s me fam... you ALREADY know what’s happening! JihaD
ISIS DEFEATED: U.S. sta s Iraq drawdown after ‘battle against Daesh’ ends  
Paris Bataclan Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge: “I Put My Faith in Allah”: No matter how many times and various ways t…
Idlib Is The New HQ of  AlQaeda.
120 Swedish police and politicians are more concerned about silencing whistleblowers than stopping the rape jihad taking place
Does this worry any of our glorious leaders ??  
Idlib: BMP mounted into a VBIED &amp; used today by  AlQaeda  HTS in the village of Tlab in no hern  Sinjar  سنجار
This is what I'm talking about people wake up America we got invasions happening all over, was I wrong to trust our…   
MALI
: Paris Bataclan Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge: “I Put My Faith in Allah”: No matter how many times and var…  
isan: The Nazis totally were socialists, tho.   
We love and suppo  our POTUS 100%  
Again,  Daesh doesn't represent  Islam. Daesh represents only itself. To ignore the vast ma…   
That's a jihad Turk not civilian,,, but regardless thats wrong never kill unarmed men... well he was…   
We love and suppo  our POTUS 100%  
Some nice news for a change.  
MALI
White Jihad | Frontpage Mag  
Paris Bataclan Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge: “I Put My Faith in Allah”    
Paris Bataclan Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge: “I Put My Faith in Allah”    tcot…  
Paris Bataclan Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge: “I Put My Faith in Allah”: No matter how many times and various…  
BURKINAFASO
When Wentz x Watson put on a show for the league in ATL and the Lombardi stays in Philly &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;. JihaD  
Afghanistan:  16 militants dead in Daesh-Mangal Bagh group clash: By Yousaf zarifi on 05 February 2018 JALALABAD (Pajhwok): A…
'When we examine the explosives, the types of mines, shells and weapons they use, our expe s tell us that a fairly advanced… 
Daesh threatens Iran from 'Tora Bora' borderlands - Arab News    
When Wentz x Watson put on a show for the league in ATL and the Lombardi stays in Philly &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;. JihaD  
Enitre world know who is the mother of Islamic jihad keep dreaming
WTF is this?  
They weren’t playing Tennessee and Jaz anymore... JihaD  
Men &amp; women in  Mosul enjoy the newly opened   Book Forum   - the first mixed gender cafe since  Daesh defeat   
Fmr. Military chief:  Daesh intel didn't fit W.H. narr...  
This is the saddest thing I have read in a long time.  Yasmin, you have my love   
y357: ➡️➡️ In Their Own Words. Time We Sta  Believing Them:
Three Stages of Jihad (David Wood)   via WATCH    WATCH...WATCH  VERY INTERESTING~ 
8 and 7 are right.  
What do Islamist extremists believe? Salafi-Jihadism by Shiraz Maher and Crusade and Jihad by Malcolm Lambe  - ...  
Jihad is not the terrorism here,  ur tweets are (crusade) shit. 
H. Clinton was a member of Obama administration who suppo ed Daesh ...!
Riiiiiight cause AlQaeda and the jihadi militias are the only ones bu…  
During a recent speech by Erdogan to a youth convention a significant po ion of the audience got to their feet and be…
😡😡😡Ohio: Muslim migrant who plotted jihad massacre in Texas asks for depo ation instead of prison  
It’s absolutely true cuz. We got more wins in this one year than the Cowboys have had in a decade. JihaD  
WakeUpAmerica. Migration is pa  of JIHAD.  video  BillWarnerPhD  Refugee  
French are still covering up savagery of killings.  
It’s absolutely true cuz. We got more wins in this one year than the Cowboys have had in a decade. JihaD  
We do need to remember sometimes that the ultra-murderous butchery of Daesh &amp; Al Qaeda is not the yardstick for his…  
BURKINAFASO
I don't praise Ahrar leaders generally, none of them is innocent, but I blame every1 for what they've do…   
UN SG Wants  Syria Sent to the International Criminal Cou !
Christian Jihad? Why We Should Worry About Right-Wing Terror Attacks Like Norway's in the US | Alternet  
Pray  Lord of  Justice  give SALAH ABDESLAM, 28, 9/12  prison  cell to  thank  Allah for till ⚰️   
We do need to remember sometimes that the ultra-murderous butchery of Daesh &amp; Al Qaeda is not the yardstick for histor…
this is what happens when you cross an  islamist. they can't accept no for an answer.  
via   Paris Bataclan Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge: “I Put My Faith in Allah”…  
1/ Huge story developing right now. Big Turkish army convoy including APCs drove thru HTS controlled Idlib in Syria headin…
Top story: Canada: Two Muslim former University of Manitoba students wanted for…   see more   
That &amp; those who have been transpo ed into  Afghanistan &amp; various Eurasian Countries will be the bree…  
You mean like undercutting your own country to hand off nuclear materials and billions in taxpayer dollars to the w…  
UN has terribly failed to deliver on Kashmir; so I request Daesh to intervene and settle kashmir per legitimate aspiratio…
If  ISIS sta ed a political pa y in America,how different would their platform be from the Democrat's anti-Christ…   
I would love to know how in the hell you came up with the comparison of Italian immigrants to Isis p…  
But who is the better jihad yi
And at least you made these guys happy
If Turkey is now helping Russia expand and harming NATO then NATO will attack it or suspe…  
You know what's sicking is Obama and Michelle could of wore a turd around their head and…  
Daesh Holds 150 Christian Hostages - Will Threaten To Kill Them  
Al Qaeda affiliate  Uyghur Jihadists org Turkistan Islamic Pa y released a lot of pics of its fighters on the sout…  
Destroy Daesh News is out!   Contributions from  
Al Qaeda affiliate  Uyghur Jihadists org Turkistan Islamic Pa y released a lot of pics of its fighters on the south  Idlib fr…
Daesh threatens Iran from ‘Tora Bora’ borderlands    
Was this case about intercaste marriage? It was inter faith, right? Wha…   
In the wake of the hijrah, the RAPE JIHAD has reached epidemic levels. Instead of pivoting and revising their open…   
So maybe they should send him to be with his deity  
If Turkey is now helping Russia expand and harming NATO then NATO will attack it or suspend s…
In the wake of the hijrah, the RAPE JIHAD has reached epidemic levels. Instead of pivoting and revising their open border po… 
'Revolutionaries '? So which jihad group are they? Ahrar al sham or alnusra ?
Lebanese troops resume offensive against militants in  Tripoli    Daesh  
Russian Pilot of the  Su25✈️warjet that was shot down over Syria, died fighting on the ground against  AlNusra Islamic Te… 
This video is now 1+ years old  but will definitely give u insight into the mindset of…  
…  
I sonhow feel in the bottom of mindless tweets and action, there ce ainly is a love Jihad angle...   
Liberation of  Iraq allows reduction in  Coalition combat forces, but we remain committed to complete defeat of  Daesh.  CJT… 
Lebanese troops resume offensive against militants in  Tripoli    Daesh  
Did French FM Encourage LafargeHolcim Cement Giant to 'Pay Off' Daesh?  
commanders have noted Daesh is likely to transition back into an insurgency. 
Three Stages of Jihad (David Wood)   via  ..    ..Watch
Who indeed.....  
US was bombing civil areas in  Mosul and  Raqqa because of  ISIS,  RuAF and  SyAF bombing because of  AlQaeda. No…   
Australia foils  Daesh beheading plot  
EndTheSiege:
How to defend jihad murder?
A very impo ant message for international community plz read &amp;  share  ISIS  IS  ISIL…  
Here is proof that  ISIS are NOT  Islamic watch video carefully Does The  Quran Promote Violence?…  
See what kind of to ures YPG=PYD=PKK able to do..!
EndTheSiege:
Paris Bataclan Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge: “I Put My Faith in Allah”   TCOT…   
DAESH, PKK/YPG, AL-QAEDA, AND OTHER TOYS ARE THE PUPPETS OF THE NEW MODEL IMPERIALISM !   
From burning the bra to chastity belts in one generation. Women leaders are useless, no wonder they want 57 sexes s…   
Incidentally, I love how you shifted it from   Isis kills people   to   yeah but Ame…   
This is likely to only see fu her entrenched extremists groups, profiteering from illicit trade an…   
VIDEO(~6:50)
AlQaeda and its suppo ers celebrating over the destroyed Su25 in  Idlib but this could open a hellfire over them
Paris Bataclan Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge: “I Put My Faith in Allah” via Geller ...  
First Hitler now Merkel....Germany didn’t learn its lesson 👎  
RelationshipAdvice: Lessons Learned From Falling In Love With An ISIS Freedom Fighter? The People Who Call You Cra…  
Erdogan -- who inspires jihadists and launches an offensive on Afrin under the name of Jihad--  meets with the Vatican…
RoadsideBomb in  Sinai kills 2 Egyptian security forces |  
Paris Bataclan Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge:   I Put My Faith in Allah 
Exactly, but   Jan   here doesn't say anything and ignores the criminal behaviour of the US/UK…   
Exactly, but   Jan   here doesn't say anything and ignores the criminal behaviour of the US/UK. 
Paris Bataclan Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge: “I Put My Faith in Allah” via Geller ...  
…  
Paris Bataclan Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge: 
democrats all-in on anti-white jihad ...  
US sta s Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over Daesh: AP repo  by   World  
Funding minorites to do conversions and love jihad.
…  
Jaysh al-Nasr &amp;  HTS moderate Jihadist &amp; terrorist groups are now arguing each other on  Russia AF's Su-25SM shoot-down.…
Israel said pa  of secret coalition monitoring  IS fighters returning from  Syria |  …  
Italian police protecting one of the most impo ant ISIS/Daesh funders and suppo ers.  Rome  ErdoganNotWelcome  
…
The EU is history....  
Russian is big snake for sure, Thanks to all the German NATO EU weapon and left over ex isis and Saddam uni men…   
I’m sure the Taliban urge that you repo  to AlQaeda. Everything seems in order
Erdogan openly encourages Jihad..Erdogan's Turkey &amp;   Internationalist   Elites' Parochialism | National Review   
The latest The Politics of pak Daily!    cdnpoli  daesh
Israel said pa  of secret coalition monitoring  IS fighters returning from  Syria |  
Joey Jihad got dropped for this!!!!
HTŞ/AlQaeda True Turkish terrorist
YPJ fighters defending Bilbilê district of Efrîn
My TL is full of white people terrorizing an American city.
Best tweet 😂😂😂  
US redeploying troops to Afghanistan from Iraq  
The Italian police defends one of the most impo ant ISIS/Daesh funder and suppo er.  Rome  ErdoganNotWelcome  
Best tweet 😂😂😂  
Local sources in  DeirEzzor,  Syria repo ed the death of four  ISIS  Daesh members yesterday in the international…   

Idlib is an  AlQaeda enclave but the fluid reality of Islamist allegiances facilitates a natural refuge for   defecting    ISI… 
.    The Coalition will tailor our forces in consultation with our Iraqi pa ners in order to ensure the las…   
ownsendAU: Islam, Jihad and Migration. Have we lost our minds?  Islam  Muslim  Islamophobia  tcot  ISIS   h… 
Local sources in  DeirEzzor,  Syria repo ed the death of four  ISIS  Daesh members yesterday in the international coalition… 
The Italian police protects one of the most impo ant ISIS/Daesh funder and suppo er  ErdoganNotWelcome  Rome  
Wonder why she didn’t say White Evangelical Christian Fundamentalist on Jihad for Jesus?
Yes Turks are invaders from Central Asia but I dont understand the France-UK pa , how are they made by France-UK?…   
This video is now 1+ years old  but will definitely give u insight into the mindset of…  
کشمیر_کو_آزاد_کرو
KhanSheikhoun was  falseflag of AlQaeda linked  WhiteHelmets for blame on  SAA…  
Israel’s Ambassador to the   Urges Security Council to Condemn  Ariel  Terror Attack |  …  
Just maybe they don’t want to change bc their just like those jihad rapists.
Canada: Former Muslim Student Association Leaders Wanted for Terrorist Activities   via…  
Following the recent downing of a Russian jet in Idlib province, HTS have claimed they shot it down with a MANPADS.…   
GoPro Footage Captures Raid on  AlQaeda Forces in Syria  Terror  Terrorism  
Let me explain jadu bhai what love Jihad is .. love Jihad is when a Muslim boy poses as a Hindu to trap a hindu girl just to…
Jihadi Obama weaponized the FBI, CIA, IRS &amp; every other government agency &amp; filled them with political assassins. Their mission… 
Tommy Waller: “Civilization  Jihad is here 
They are British France and the rest of EU isis groups kurds being dealing with them for 1400 years  
s     lett   Mo…
Yes Turks are invaders from Central Asia but I dont understand the France-UK pa , how are they made by France-UK? If y… 
Canada: Two Muslim former University of Manitoba students wanted for jihad terror activities  
Jihad is fought on two fronts: 1. The moderates blend in with their adopted society. 2. The radicals commit acts of terror.  W…
Sun Bhaabhi, NIA is investigating about the link of suspicious activity of a person who is linked w…   
This movement seems to be gaining traction. Not being repo ed in UK, but I don't expect that to last for long.   
Syria 🇸🇾 - Battle for  Idlib -  AbuDuhur -
Shame. This was about a woman who is back in the UK after living with Daesh in Syria for more than two years before…  
They came here for the American Dream, Didn't Bitch, Collect Welfare, Demand Citizenship, Didn't wave the Mexican f…   
Give him both  
Maldives  army &amp; Police illegally break into Supreme Cou : cou  spokesman SC &amp; judges are now under illegal…  
UKagainstDaesh   Men &amp; women in  Mosul enjoy the newly opened   Book Forum   - the first mixed gender cafe since…   
even jihad shariah is cleaner than uk beth din
Turkish army convoy esco ed by AlNusra Front  AlQaeda in  Syria came under A ilary fire in TelAeiss, casualties r…   
No, you aren't as harsh as you are against Joulani with Ahraar leadership even tho it's clear they are…   
Maldives  army &amp; Police illegally break into Supreme Cou : cou  spokesman SC &amp; judges are now under illegal  military s…
For long now Pak bleeds us on our land.Biggest tribute to our ma yrs will be the shifting of war-theater across bo…  
Spotlight on Global Jihad (December 7-13, 2017) - The Meir Amit Intelligence and Terrorism Information Center   
Turkish army convoy esco ed by AlNusra Front  AlQaeda in  Syria came under A ilary fire in TelAeiss, casualties repor… 
The greatest jihad is to battle your own soul,  to fight the evil within yourself    TheProphetMuhammadﷺ   
Facebook EXCLUDES Israel ‘Country’ Option – Includes Fake Terror-State ‘Palestine’   TCOT…   
Tawhid Islamic Salafist doctrine | The Counter Jihad Repo   
I have moral outrage-&gt; I hate wife beating. I hate child marriage. I hate jihad    BillWarner  
Hollywood director’s son, a conve  to Islam, stars in al-Qaeda propaganda video    Islam…   
FINALLY, Germans Faced with   Loudspeaker Jihad   Fight Back! 
'This is for our guys!'
Facebook EXCLUDES Israel ‘Country’ Option – Includes Fake Terror-State ‘Palestine’   TCOT  M… 
FINALLY, Germans Faced with   Loudspeaker Jihad   Fight Back! 
KhanSheikhoun was  falseflag of AlQaeda linked  WhiteHelmets for blame on  SAA  …  
That prize is a farce, IDK about earlier but a conduit of liberal vi ue signalling lately. 
being the eldest girl in the house is literally jihad man JIHAD
Jihadis/Daesh don't need alcohol when they have drugs,incest,pedophilia,murder and rape for… 
Opposition lawmaker says soldiers in  Maldives have forced their way into Supreme Cou 
The source of this information is, of course,  AlQaeda 
All religions dumb at some leve…  
Why only Paki and Bongs?  Why not Indians who rescued the Bangladeshis from the butchery…  
Sorry Germany....but you will have to fight your way out of this one  
When the US sends troops thousands of miles away to Afghanistan or Iraq to take down terrorists it is no prob. But when…
Little late but its a sta   
Loudspeaker says..  Allah is greater than Jesus  . Sorry Germany, but you will have to fight your way out of this one…   
Army expands control in Hama no heastern countryside, continues chasing Daesh remnants: Army units established con…   
You're right.  Once integrity is gone it's a farce.  By rights the Kurdish forces together would have been nominate…  
Stop the din here 15 mile radius on some ffs  
A little to late.  Once you’ve made up a guest room for the Devil, he never leaves. There will be violence and conf…   
Islamic Jihad: Salfeet Stab Operation Responds to Zionist Crimes  
Now thats funny,and scary.If we can't see this coming to a Wal-Ma  in our neighborhood.Shame on us. DrainTheSwamp   
Too little. Too late. Germany will Never be the same.  
Too little. Too late. Germany will Never be the same.  
Janna Jihad’s post:
I bet that has a really great chance of working...NOT. Do you really think they got a license to play their loud sp…  
Respect bro!!! This has been the greatest 24 hours ever! Just knowing that this s…  
Truth Jihad: My Epic Struggle Against the 9/11 Big Lie  
Great! At last!  
Thinking the Ahmadiyya will save us from jihad is like thinking the reformers will save us from jihad.
Good!!  
And his bio says “NBA insider...” JihaD  
A icles: Jihad begot the Crusades (1)  
about time !!  
Right, just as in KhanSheikoun where AlQaeda WH abducted children from no hern Hama an…   
Antisemitic abuse against Ofsted chief over school hijab decision |  
This is what happens when you are the “sma est guy in the room” all the time... JihaD  
Brennan purged all mentions of Islam and jihad from law enforcement counter-terror training materials.  “Countering…  
The latest Jihad Watch PL  Daily!   Thanks to    jihad  islam
They saved the world from the  Turk  Daesh. They are  heroes.
Chlorine Gas Attack - could be ?? fake news  alqaeda    
ISIS  Taliban  BokoHaram  AlShabab  AlQaeda  AlNusrah  HTS  Terrorism will reach unprecedented levels that world w…  
Turkish dictator Erdogan is deploying more Alqaeda fighters from  idlib to  Afrin. His army is incapable to fight and advan…
...if measured with the scale of islamic Shari‘ah.
More Americans are killed in Lawn Mover incidents than by terrorists. Terrorism, ISI, Syria, Jihad, Jihadist, Iraq.…   
4) every religion is respected and given space without any hinderance in hinduism. In…  
Someone called Elneny jihad jorgihno and I almost fainted
JihadWatchPL: The latest Jihad Watch PL  Daily!   Thanks to Gladiuska Hypocracy1 DontBlowItTrump  jihad  islam:  MAGA
commanders have noted Daesh is likely to transition back into an insurgency. 
'The American forces have begun reducing their numbers as victory has been achieved over Daesh'...  
Canada 🇨🇦: Two  Muslim former University of  Manitoba students wanted for  jihad  terror activities…  
Grandson of a Jew-hating Hitlerite gets his dese   
Putin/assad  
Good!!  
Help spread Robe 's tweets  
[Infographic]  Syria regime, Daesh seize 3,000 square kms in  Idlib 
Jihad Qassab played for Al-Karama SC and the national team. He had been detained for two years in notorious Sednaya
ISIS beaten, US troops repo edly sta  Iraq drawdown: Daesh is the Arabic language acronym for the Islamic State o…   
A very impo ant message for international community plz read &amp;  share  ISIS  IS  ISIL…  
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda…  
“Next, we’ll show you how to launder drug money, finance alQaeda cells and get away with it and crash the world… 
Two years ago now  Russia turned the tide against  Daesh in  Syria. Eternal memory and respect to heroes who paid the ultimate…
Not military. Just people. Civilians. Yes, sultan’s Jihad on Kurds isn’t emptying  Afrin.   
- ex-Daesh
Plus, they love Muslim Obama. He didn't do anything about isis. Our President is showing the world that i…   
‘Daesh severed the water supply and left mines everywhere before left Raqqa. Even in supplies of baby food. Yet still ther…
Ohio: Muslim migrant who plotted jihad terror attack in Texas asks for depo ation instead of prison…  
Powerful  NGOs,  Antisemitism, and the Irish  BDSBill |   
geeked up for the jihad  
This mass murder is more gruesome, more  SATANIC , more O hodox  islam than 95% of ppl realize. Research it. Wake…   
For long now Pak bleeds us on our land.Biggest tribute to our ma yrs will be the shifting of war-theater across border…
Mufti Ahmad Badreddin Hassoun   For me, Nusra Front,  ISIS, so called Free Syrian Army  FSA ,  AlQaeda are all the same… 
Azzzzzinnn. Or how if Afonja had not trusted the Fulanis and been more subservient, tẹ course of history…   
geeked up for the jihad  
Serena Shim -American Journalist Killed in Turkey for Revealing the Truth Regarding ISIS-Daesh…  
I have already seen it. Only thing I don’t know: Who is the victim?
Isis Love &amp; Johnny Castle  
Like mongols, like daesh. They only bring destruction. Only destruction. Erdogan doesn’t hide his strategy anymore.…   
Finally!!!!!!!  
I am recording   allah sucks   for my ring tone.   
Yea that's why an administration that was readily called communists by conservatives in America torched their compo…  
The latest The 9/11 Tribute!   Thanks to    porsche  alqaeda
15-3-06, Naveed  wrote “Solution to the Kashmir issue is carrying out Jihad under a single Khaleefah by getting rid…   
A very impo ant message for international community plz read &amp;  share  ISIS  IS  ISIL…  
This video is now 1+ years old  but will definitely give u insight into the mindset of…  
America's War Criminals: US Evacuation of Daesh Field Commanders: 'Rescuing...  
inccnv1 Robe , I have asked myself that why ?  The crusades might be history, but Sansour wants to revive jihad, a… 
Disturbing is only the BEGINNING word to describe it.. more like BRAINWASHING.  
Um....turkey kidnaps and kills it's political prisoners,, just for repo ing the truth.…   
The latest Eye on the Jihad is now available! Check it out @    syria
SCREAMING  
Secret  Arafat diaries confirm non-aggression pact between  Italy and  Palestinians |  …  
Hot Boss Isis Love Plays With Big Cock Of Driver  
WATCH: Shocking aftermath of  Mosul liberation captured on extremely graphic video    Daesh  
An interesting take on Daesh and the need to examine our own theologies. I would extend this to all faiths. We all have the…
We should compromise... they can play it underwater, since they want we infidels underground.   
Your allies against Isis are being mutilated by jihadis after they are fallen. With the help of Turkish President w…  
WATCH: Shocking aftermath of  Mosul liberation captured on extremely graphic video    Daesh https:…
The boys home??!! JihaD
Barbaric Turkish army and Radical islamic jihadist killed the angel of YPJ Barin Kobani, and mutilated her body after pull h… 
Muslim Refugees/Migrants are seeking refuge in Christian Countries. Ask yourself, WHY aren't they seeking refuge in MUSLIM Coun… 
My analytical repo  on role of  Russia Air Force  RuAF's Su-25SMs in battle for liberation of  Idlib &amp; also how th…  
: Your allies against Isis are being mutilated by jihadis after they are fallen. With the help of Turkish President who de…
UK government review of Sharia cou s reveals systemic discrimination against women    Jihad  Islamic  Islam
ISIS  Taliban  BokoHaram  AlShabab  AlQaeda  AlNusrah  HTS  Terrorism will reach unprecedented levels that world w…  
My analytical repo  on role of  Russia Air Force  RuAF's Su-25SMs in battle for liberation of  Idlib &amp; also how th…  
Expand Indication?....Daesh Receiving Assistance From Turkey 'With Ankara's Tacit Approval'…  
ShahSpeaksInRajyaSabha   ShahSpeaksAtRajyaSabha  ShahSpeaksInRajyaS  the elections 2019 will be seculars  Jihad on  …
After a fake military coup, dictator Erdogan declares war against the Kurds. At the same time, Turks authorities declared jih… 
TODAY at 4pm - Join   of   as she presents her new book Jihad &amp; Co.: Black Markets and Islamist Powe…
He said we will kill those Daesh for Sehid Reza and Mirza so the men in the Video is a ISIS Member
It's Coming Canada!  WakeUpCanada  MCGA  
kamp s    …
abou…  
My analytical repo  on role of  Russia|n Air Force Su-25SMs in battle for liberation of  Idlib &amp; also how the RF-9…  
MSM do your f'n job. Repo  whats impo ant for a change!  
The Great Heroes
Italians were and still are very anti-Semitic.  
Paris  Bataclan  Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge: “I Put My Faith in  Allah”: No…  
Paris Bataclan Jihad Mass Murderer to French Judge: “I Put My Faith in Allah”    
Canada: Two Muslim former University of Manitoba students wanted for jihad terror activities  
hegreat609 Succulent. JihaD
So we dont do nothing is what you are saying at the bottom. I'm all for helping…  
Heightened security in  Brussels as only surviving  Paris attacker stands trial |  …  
The silent jihad is more effective than terrorism against the West  
The   Palestinian cause   is jihad. Islamic lunatics who want to wipe out Israel because it is Jewish. Read the Hamas cha er;… 
ThrowStones to show you are protesting,  DeclareABounty,  Lynch for cows,  Burn for Love Jihad,  HarassCouples and…   
Sick of this shit, well it could be your loved one next, it's jihad pure and simple, how many of these type of acci…   
Rep. Steve Cohen is yet another marxist democrat who viciously attacks Christians while waging jihad against the Constitution.
ySeeds: Rep. Steve Cohen is yet another marxist democrat who viciously attacks Christians while waging jihad against the Constitu…
Up to 300 cretins who fought for ISIS in Syria and Iraq are back in Tower Hamlets.    Londonistan  LondonIsOpen
Islamic jihad | Define Islamic jihad at    
: Like mongols, like daesh. They only bring destruction. Only destruction. Erdogan doesn’t hide his strategy anymore. You… 
ISIS  Taliban  BokoHaram  AlShabab  AlQaeda  AlNusrah  HTS  Terrorism will reach unprecedented levels that world w…  
Do you want this near you?
NO to Jihad Justin ( ) | Twitter  
My analytical repo  on role of  Russia|n Air Force Su-25SMs in battle for liberation of  Idlib &amp; also how  AlQaeda…  
Well that Sadiq Khan for you, housing ISIS whilst our own veterens and Brits sleep rough   
Up to 300 cretins who fought for ISIS in Syria and Iraq are back in Tower Hamlets.    Londonistan  …
EASY. They want   ISIS    to take over America-They are paid 2 good- 20 25$ per hour 2 go along w/t/Dem agenda.T…   
My analytical repo  on role of  Russia|n Air Force Su-25SMs in battle for liberation of  Idlib &amp; also how  AlQaeda affi…
Empty talk. Both daesh founded within the knowledge of Pentagon in Iraq and pkk are Pentagon's instr…  
Iranian President: Diplomacy With U.S. is an Active ‘Jihad'  
'The greatest Jihad is to battle your own sould, to fight the evil within yourself' Prophet Muhammad SAW 
(4)
Send me one too   ... JihaD  
Communism is not about conversion but infiltration. At least the jihadist are honest about what th…  
what kind of brain dead politician would let these animals back into their country, if the…   
'This is for our guys!'
“ Iraq’s wanted list includes the daughter of Saddam Hussain but omits the leader of Daesh, Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi.”   
15-3-06, Naveed  wrote “Solution to the Kashmir issue is carrying out Jihad under a single Khaleefah by getting rid of these… 
How long did this take?  Now what about all the rapes?
Kashmir  KashmirSolidarityDay  KashmirDay  Pakistan  PakistanArmy  Islamabad  Islam  Muslims  Srinagar…  
(See; Turkey invading Afrin, meaning that the pressure on Daesh has slackened and quite of a few of the…   
Syria  Hama  EasternHama  No hEasternHama  Tiger_Forces  SAA  SyrianArabArmy  SyrianArmy Photos taken during the ongo…
WATCH: Shocking aftermath of  Mosul liberation captured on extremely graphic video    Daesh  

WATCH: Shocking aftermath of  Mosul liberation captured on extremely graphic video    Daesh  
I would strongly disagree. The amount of infiltration of global jihadist movements like the Muslim Brotherhood even…  
Prophet Muhammad's(sa) letter to the Mukaukis.
“After Muslim lobbies supposedly put pressure on him, in 2011 Brennan purged all mentions of Islam and jihad from l…   
Remove good, honest honorable people and replace with Jihad terror, Satanic filth, crooked politicians with zero morals… 
Love to see Putin flatten this Jihad in a match! Such an embarrassment to us Canadians!
What a big lie,,,Isn’t it too late for such a threat??,,  Iran’ian regime is harboring Alqaeda leaders and…   
The Islamic Republic of Iran has now to ured 11 freedom demonstrators to death    Jihad  Islami…
America's War Criminals: US Evacuation of Daesh Field Commanders: 'Rescuing...  
ISIL  ISIS  Daesh  IslamicState  Muslimscumbags  Beware!!!  Suppo Ou roops  TRUMP  AmericaFirst  MAGA lock'em up…  
All your talks sounds nice (and they might be nice in reality also) but the time you do monkey balancing of the two…  
Confirmed as well by Jihad Watch    
Turkey’s  Erdogan to meet with  Pope, thank him for opposing  Trump’s recognition of  Jerusalem as Israel’s capita…   
Turkey’s  Erdogan to meet with  Pope, thank him for opposing  Trump’s recognition of  Jerusalem as Israel’s capita…   
It's Islam.  
Uzbekistan/Turkey: The   Islamic Jihad Union   | Women Reclaiming and Redefining Cultures   
Always good to revisit it.  
Turkish police detain 82 people in raids across Istanbul targeting Daesh  

Wanted Islamic Jihad member recaptured after escape | JerusalemOnline  
ENOUGH  MOSQUES   STOP  THE  NOISE...  
You love your life so you won’t..  
Pakistan hasn’t been done with jihad on ea h yet, space has to wait. 
Idlib Is The New HQ of  AlQaeda.
Germany ought to ban mosques ... PERIOD!  
WE LOVE YALL SO MUCH THANK YOU FOR BRINGING THE LOMBARDI HOME WHERE IT BELONGS!!! JihaD  
On   repo  on weapons used by Daesh to unleash genocide and   ‘s motion for a resolution to investi…
You love your life so you won’t..  
CAIR Urges  LA to Say No to  Anti-Extremism Program |  jihad  Sharia  
This isis love the porn star.  

If you can't stand the public, get out of public service. 
Spoke w/ Afghan Pres.   &amp; expressed condolences for the recent terrorist attacks against the Afghan people. Barbaric att…
Am I missing something here but they are literally describing Arson as a courageous and brave act on the news, just…   
More evidence that Muslim groups like CAIR in America have no interest in protecting the country against Islamic ex…  
yestill a long way to go not even sta ed not when even the police use buzzwor…  
True! Western men love goats, so they join ISIS where women are covered up and hidden. ISIS…   
UK is heaven for money launder,corrupt politicians, mafia,  Pakistan is a poor country, its assets is st…   
2/4: Cutting off assistance to a frontline ally like Jordan limits their ability to address the refugee crisis and counter…
Next Tuesday (Feb 13) at the Wilson Center  
Allowing the Olympics in S. Korea seems like a big risk. I hope I am wrong, but I have this bad feeling about it. T…   
Canadian PM, Justin Trudeau, under whose regime, Khalistani and Islamist terrorism are thriving like never before,…   
Canadian PM, Justin Trudeau, under whose regime, Khalistani and Islamist terrorism are thriving like never before, to vis… 
(9) The story of Obama’s failures in the Middle East is peppered with contradictory nonsense like “we need to fight terrori…
The most Hillarious discussion will be between -   and Canadian PM, Justin Trudeau. It will even beat Kap…   
y_Chris I love Herschel!! He is correct,   has gone far left slapping its revenue producers, Ameri… 
Canadian PM, Justin Trudeau, under whose regime, Khalistani and Islamist terrorism are thriving like never before,…   
Sounds like Britain has already been conquered. And I thought Merkel was leading the pack....  
I tweeted this in anger following a random guy touching me on the street. But later I thought, it's true, rape cult…   
Sounds to me like Financial terrorism,  deep-state tweaking their algorithms to try to make Trump look bad! 
B4 Jesus return Bible says   good will be called evil &amp; evil will be called good  . The world upside down! God does l…   
Life, death, and rebi h, Isis’s and Osiris’s future hinges on all three. DRAGON LORE AND LOVE: Isis and Osiris  by…   
It seems like there’s a conce ed effo  by govts to play up the terrorism threat in the Sahel  
Like ‘islamic’ terrorism, it is homegrown, and the result of feelings of otherness and being unwelcomed.   hm 
hope ur depa ment has already instruct the agencies to keep proper eye on his arrival n his entire progr…  
The World Doesn't Need Any More Nuclear Strategies: Will violent extremists like al Qaeda or the Islamic State sudd…  
yes, he is Obama's brother too   
I tweeted this in anger following a random guy touching me on the street. But later I thought, it's true, rape culture i… 
is it correct Mr PM?  
Oh 🤣🤣🤣
More evidence that Muslim groups like CAIR in America have no interest in protecting the country against Islamic extrem…
Soros, Rothschild, and others.  Investigate deep staters investments or divestments on from 2/2-2/5.  Sounds like i…   
amazing porn rim job porn isis love outdoor fuck worlds biggest cumshot taylor st. claire elf hentai public disgrac…  
I love…  
the best big sis anyone could ever ask for💗💗💗💗💗  
:( from when you was little , singing super bass in the back seat , y’all really grow so fast , love you Isis , from the m… 
isis love nude sex sex teen hardcore  
nude teen mallu isis love free porn forum  
non pubescent girl sex videos isis love sex and submission  
In last 17  days  PYD  PKK  SDF,  YPG  YPJ  DEASH terrorist group has ma yred 7 Civilians in 104 cross-border rock…   
Looking for pa icipants for my final year project, 'Terrorism and Londoners' Everyday life'. 
Boy, those Christians. What a dangerous lot. All that love thy neighbor as thyself. Really a radical threat to the…   
They did but the media didn't repo  and That's a fact like the 40,000 who marched in London agai… 
‘Like the end of the world’: Mosul Musician who defied ISIS describes life in ‘destroyed city’…  
I'm still waiting for Donald Trump to call  StephenPaddock a   Son of a B*tch   like he did NFL players.  What happened in Las… 
In last 17  days  PYD  PKK  SDF,  YPG  YPJ  DEASH terrorist group has ma yred 7 Civilians in 104 cross-border rocket at… 
Looking for pa icipants for my final year project: ‘Terrorism and Londoners’ everyday life’.
the best big sis anyone could ever ask for💗💗💗💗💗  
And, unfo unately, except that they do it themselves. Like in the recent Hadiya case wherein they handed the matte…   
Like the algorithms to tweak and control the internet, they use trending, media, words actions and b…   
The numbers bear it out.  What  Antifa &amp;  BlackLivesMatter do is not “ terrorism”, by any s…   
Like the algorithms to tweak and control the internet, they use trending, media, words actions and bias. T…   
Like the algorithms to tweak and control the internet, they use trending, media, words actions and b…   
That old man must be the most EVIL ever then he's been getting away with terrorism for decades Communists TRAITOR D…  
Like the algorithms to tweak and control the internet, they use trending, media, words actions and bi…   
Like the algorithms to tweak and control the internet, they use trending, media, words actions and…   
Like the algorithms to tweak and control the internet, they use trending, media, words actions and…   
RADICAL WHITE MALE DOMESTIC TERRORISM happens WAY MORE, d…   
I actually like a longer word—Terrorism.
Like the algorithms to tweak and control the internet, they use trending, media, words actions and…   
As   and   launders drug money and robs retail investors, a new technology he doesn’t unde…   
Like the algorithms to tweak and control the internet, they use trending, media, words actions and bias. They…   
Like the algorithms to tweak and control the internet, they use trending, media, words actions and bias.…   
randMcHenry
With   ‘s Tax Terrorism at yhe cos of 2.5 % of middle class, we need a Mahatma Gandhi like Salt Satyagra…   
Leave Iran, Russia and Syria. Turkey can't be trusted and their fight against terrorism is like whitehelmet… 
With   ‘s Tax Terrorism at yhe cos of 2.5 % of middle class, we need a Mahatma Gandhi like Salt Satyagraha that… 
If organized conflict, war, terrorism are public health problems, like violence, gun injuries, deaths, what data are relevant for policy? 
Like the algorithms to tweak and control the internet, they use trending, media, words actions and bias. They…   
Suffragettes gave women’s rights publicity through terrorism. Women won the vote cos they worked like men in WW1  Suffragette100
Get a bloody grip!! It's mankind. Now let's solve a real problem like po…  
Like the algorithms to tweak and control the internet, they use trending, media, words actions and…   
Like the algorithms to tweak and control the internet, they use trending, media, words actions and bias.…   
We lost Shahid today. A teenage  Yazidi girl, taken by  ISIS 3 years ago to be raped &amp; abused. She needed us and we failed… 
Those stock markets you've bragged about until lately will not take kindly to you playing d…  
Like the algorithms to tweak and control the internet, they use trending, media, words actions and bia…   
christophobia is out of control.....
If organized conflict, war, terrorism are public health problems, like violence, gun injuries, deaths, what data are relevan… 
That is Exactly what Russia &amp; Isis would say,   I'd love to see a shutdown of the USA government.    We…   
That is Exactly what Russia &amp; Isis would say,   I'd love to see a shutdown of the USA government.    We have a re… 
Like the algorithms to tweak and control the internet, they use trending, media, words actions and bia…   
Introduction to the terrorism 101. Here you can see what Kurds are…  
strange as it seems this was not a question i ever thought of asking any of my teachers, so sounds like someone up…   
Like the algorithms to tweak and control the internet, they use trending, media, words actions and bi…   
Happy and love the fact that I’m an infantry marine doing grunt shit fuck Isis 💯👹  
Simply pa  of the plan they love isis its there baby, and we know about Assange 
Like the algorithms to tweak and control the internet, they use trending, media, words actions and bias. They…   Q46 
Like the algorithms to tweak and control the internet, they use trending, media, words acti…   
Like the algorithms to tweak and control the internet, they use trending, media, words actions and bias.… 
Like the algorithms to tweak and control the internet, they use trending, media, words actions and bias.…   
so nice of you, i think a nice person like you should also rai…   
Life, death, and rebi h, Isis’s and Osiris’s future hinges on all three. DRAGON LORE AND LOVE: Isis and Osiris  by…   
Christian Terrorism is acceptable by our government - because our government is Christian terrorist.  
My latest for   world looks into what makes an anti-Muslim terrorist, like the Finsbury Park mosque attacker, Que…   
My latest for   world looks into what makes an anti-Muslim terrorist, like the Finsbury Park mosque attacker, Quebec City… 
Impossible to take Jeff Flake seriously when the lying  democrat media  has been inciting actual terrorism and viol…  
Sir. You accused the Canadian P.M. (in all caps) of having a love affair with ISIS. You're not a cre…  
Sources state that someone put a padlock on the lane switch lever. The clearing sounds like a tactic Ant…
3 deadly terror attacks in the space of 6 months + a million grooming gang victims. No need to write an essay  
Christian Terrorism is acceptable by our government - because our government is Christian terrorist.  
Kay Hagan: 'Obama Has A Lot On His Plate' Like The BP Oil Spill  
3 deadly terror attacks in the space of 6 months + a million grooming gang victims. No need to write an essay  
It is kinda spooky that of all the writing &amp; yakking I did over the last few years on terrorism, this local talk in Grand Ra… 
You will attend the ministry of love for president and country NOW, unAmerican activity detected citizen.   
Anti-immigrant group Riders USA might not like what they hear at 'domestic terrorism' lecture in Arizona - Southern Pove y L…
Oh please. That sounds eerily like terrorism is just the norm now.
Looks like domestic terrorism. I hope that all members of BLM are on the no fly list.  …  
As long as Palestinians do things like this there will always be check points they will never get a state! Terrorism never w…
U are such a hypocrite! NOT ONCE have u called out the RICH WHITE GUYS, &amp; white supremacist…   
Anyone feel like addressing the mass shootings and terrorism by American citizens? How about the White Nat…  
Whistleblower Phil Haney exposed this to the core. Check him out and his book   See Something Say Nothing    Mueller…   
Why are y'all's ugly low life ass trifling male children constantly picking on black girls??? Why are they not all…  
isis love japanese game deepthroating big celebrity nudes pokemon hentai bride underwater devil porn
Terrorist suppo ers like isis and IRA will be taking off line family members of terrorism victims  
sex for overweight couples isis love porn star  
I love isis.
Spreading lies about phony dangers of smoking and secondhand smoke is terrorism just like fake bomb thr…  
You are so Screwed UK. No Flag No God
Why are y'all's ugly low life ass trifling male children constantly picking on black girls??? Why are they not all jailed…
You are so Screwed UK. No Flag No God
omg Peter for the love of god stop spreading lies.  
Americans don't give a damn about white American Christian terrorism at schools: NRA'KKKan family values defies log…  
Maybe it sounded better in Hebrew. Sounds like a ministry press release. Of course it’s a “violatio…  
Presumably why they joined  
Qatar ppl who kept going back &amp; fo h to  Iraq  Afghanistan  Feb2007_2012 knew Both  SgtChrisKelley  &amp;  LtRobe Kelly  …
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
This is one the biggest differences between the post caliphate in  Iraq and  Syria, in  Syria the relatives are back in… 
Papadopoulos makes a persuasive case that NATO laid the groundwork for intervention in Iraq, Libya, Syrian with the de… 
Boycott Crazies    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
🛑 If you have to sacrifice precious things... then do it in the right place &amp; for the right people ⁉️  BDS  USA  America  Isr…
More sanctions on  Kurdistan region:
Latest US military deaths in Afghanistan, Iraq - Daytona Beach News-Journal    iraq  news 
Visit us for reliable Forex managed account services  fx  stocks  bitcoin  bestforex  expe s  dubai  uae  london…  
Qatar  Pathfinders  DeerHunters on  Camera3 It's 3:03AM They look rough 2 injured No sleeping Tonight  Syria  DiegoGarcia  N…
Pentagon loses 6.5 Trillion Dollars  ISIS &amp; other   vetted rebels   have had the best of Arms/Vehicles/Intel money can buy. We…   
Ala Younis: Plan for Feminist Greater Baghdad at Delfina Foundation 🏢  alayounis  baghdad  london  a   iraq  
Fundiloquent ex-MP compares  Brexit worse than  Suez and  Iraq war   via   News
British soldiers executing indian muslims for their refusal to fight against ottoman empire in world war l; no worse t…
A very interesting meeting with Iraqi women members of parliament and activists to disscuss the recent legislative initia…
Evidence Turk backed mercenaries shot down the Russian pilot. Just now Putin &amp; Erdogan are best friends again. This will c…
Russia released aerial images allegedly showing  ISIS, the  SDF, and US special forces working side-by-side on the batt… 
This is spot on, Iran is absolutely one of the main beneficiaries of demise of  ISIS. Especially true as Tehran grows its… 
Looking for an  BusinessDevelopmentManagement for a  Surveillance and  Security firm to be based in  Baghdad,  Iraq…   
Pete ownsend7: Muhammad's Convenient Revelations  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
Hope For A Higher Power by tech n9ne with lyrics  Grandma  king  Iraq    
Thread:
This is what happens when  HumanRights become subjective, thanks to the lawyers like  , and  RegimeChange po…   
Obama has done EVERYTHING possible to make Christians a minority in America…and,Abe is doing the same thing in Japan  ISIS  Islam 
24 December 1917
24 December 1917
I think, 'hijrah' is overused and oversimplified nowadays. 
ytarian: What   American interest   was served with 
Urgently looking for a  BusinessDevelopmentManager for a  surveillance and  security company to be based in  Iraq.…  
Killer Seductress v's Ace of Spies. What happens when the unbeatable meets the unstoppable 🕵️‍♂️👠💣💥  http…
This book has explosive action with deadly consequences. Read it and RUN! 💣💥  …
Katz still calling  HTS   rebels   not by their true moniker,  AlQaeda.  Mossad  CIA   
Smiling  ISIS child soldier is given an  AK47 rifle by his  teacher
Expressed our suppo  for the reconstruction of  Iraq at our meeting with Salman Al-Jumaili, Minister of Planning. htt… 
Barin Kobane fought furiously against evil  ISIS  to protect  womens rights &amp; while  NATO watched silently
Terrorists killed
Down but not out  ISIS still a threat  
Bookculture returns to  Iraq's post- Daesh  Mosul —    
SYRIA’S AL-QAEDA-LINKED TAHRIR AL-SHAM CLAIM THE DOWNING OF THE RUSSIAN PLANE ACCORDING TO ARABIYA . For Moscow,  AlQaeda has… 
One Thing to Know About  ISIS    syria  usa
Terrorist leader of  AlQaeda affiliated  HTS / Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham terror group, Abdullah al-Muhaysini describes how h… 
Erdogan is president of the Turkey but represents  jihadists and  ISIS    PopeRefuseKillerErdogan.  
TheStation where Tech &amp; A   entrepreneurs meet in the first co-working space in  Baghdad
Thepoisonneverend In my mind Bad  Things . While  ISIS vs  CIA  actings / I'm a  hologram  fuckings - Try to be  Eleven li…
UK  Canada  Australia  France  Germany &gt;&gt; I'm fair:  ISIS Fuck (He's dead) plotted to kill folks in  Russia as the…  
Dear   the one that you will meet is dictator and represents  jihadists and  ISIS . He is islamic version of  H…
CW used by UK backed   AlQaeda not by  Assad Terrorist UK ambassadors have been saying lie historically
Trinidadians who join  Daesh ‘think caliphate is a good thing’ – expe  (Op-ed)  
Anti- Imperialist U: Alternative Media Spotlight    Africa  Ukraine…  
.  looks at 16 years of presidents talking about the war in  Afghanistan   And we can…  
US-led Gallant Phoenix secret operation aimed at preventing the return of  Daesh  
ISIS In  Damascus Province: Photographs From Military Training Course For Boys    
EXCLUSIVE: Have Western governments aided and abetted  AlQaeda for 30 years?    CIA  
Erdogans goal is to bring back  Isis ! Save  Afrin  
Bit of an obnoxious title—given ~600  Libyan fighters on the ground gave their lives in May-Dec ’16 “tackling”  Daesh in  Si…
Anti- Imperialist U: Introduction    Africa  Somalia  Yemen  Iraq  Ukraine  Russia  Syria  UK  US
…
Should the Ishtar Gate stay in  Berlin or be returned to  Iraq?    Germany  a   archaeology  histor…
Take Beer!! Takbeer!!!
O muahadin
Pete ownsend7: LGBT and Islam, Cognitive Dissonance Galore  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot…   
Pete ownsend7: On Islam and Hate Speech  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
O muahadin, carry your weapon and kill those Christians who live with you, they have killed the Muslims in their la…   
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
The number of casualties in January increased compared to December's figures where 69 people were killed, and 142 others wo… 
Cruel Tyranny  Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
Kurds could escape from  ISIS as others did but they didnt. They have stayed and saved their lands from savages. They…
Fo  Russ: BREAKING:  Russia annihilates group who shot down Russian Su-25 isis  news
ISIS MOE style car
Turkey is attacting  Afrin with  Jihadist and that Turkey is still member of  NATO. How can  NATO keep silent…  
Father of soldier killed in  Iraq says Tony  Blair is  war  criminal and international  terrorist  
2 Children Die from Starvation in  Nobol –  Aleppo Countryside (  Archive):…  
ArabAmerica: Playwright Heather Raffo on Noura and being a woman in 2018    iraq  uk  media
Iraqis think that now Isis is gone  Iraq can prosper and grow.  ISIS isn't gone because they c…  
Russian who helped son leave  IslamicState arrested    
ArabAmerica: Al-Mutanabbi Street Sta s Here    iraq  uk  media
: O muahadin, carry your weapon and kill those Christians who live with you, they have killed the Muslims in their land, You mus… 
Daily  WeAreN News is out!   Stories via    isis  syria
O muahadin, carry your weapon and kill those Christians who live with you, they have killed the Muslims in their la…   
ArabAmerica: Dignitaries, Veterans, Iraqi-Americans to Run 5K to Suppo …    iraq  uk  media 
There is no difference between  DAESH and  Houthis, they are both terrorist entities and shall be eliminated from e…   
There is no difference between  DAESH and  Houthis, they are both terrorist entities and shall be eliminated...   dE8VQeQ 
Baghdad objects to European plans to forcibly repatriate Iraqis    Europe  Iraq  Refugees
O muahadin, carry your weapon and kill those Christians who live with you, they have killed the Muslims in their la…   
Horsefeathers.  Geneva would leave  AlQaeda jihadis in charge of  Syrian territory. Can't have that. It's as bad as surrend…
Hindu Man can't love a Muslim Woman If he does the man will be beheaded  ISIS style by  JihadiRats ✔️
Exactly! The 'moderates' would take over with international oversight.  
TheNewYorkTimes | Travelers are discovering the Kurdish Region of  Iraq,... 
Libyan forces clash with Islamic State near Dhara oilfield
IslamicState Daily is out!   Featuring    isis  syria
Iraq Christians Arm Themselves For The Fight Against  Daesh Militants  
5 Million Residents in Baghdad to Benefit from Improved Water Supply    Iraq  WorldBank  WaterAid
Open managed fx:  clients  investors  hnwi  pensioners to  invest in our  forex  managed  accounts.…  
Make your money grow with  CityOfInvestment. We are a global market leader in managed  Forextrading  investing…  
Iraq-Saudi football game to make spo ing, and political history    Iraq  SaudiArabia  Football 
IRAQ
Egypt, Israel are secretly fighting against  ISIS together -  NewYork Post   
Dignitaries, Veterans, Iraqi-Americans to Run 5K to Suppo  Iraqi Children    ArabAmerica  Veterans  USA  Iraq 
Exposed: Egypt allowing Israel to conduct airstrikes in Sinai in 'secret alliance'    ISIS
Linda is amazing...people like her, who restore some sense of safety and normalcy for children in these circumstances are  An… 
Book Culture Returns to Iraq's Post-Jihadist Mosul    Books  booklovers  Mosul  Iraq
Information about online chat conversations obtained by Swedish news agency TT suggests that the  terrorist who per…  
Information about online chat conversations obtained by Swedish news agency TT suggests that the  terrorist who per…  
Information about online chat conversations obtained by Swedish news agency TT suggests that the  terrorist who per…  
Seems like a new  Syria strategy proposal floating around DC: Let  Assad reconquer the rest of country to make  Syrian…
Hes a statefunded terrorist and murderer. Imperialistic and colonialistic filth like his former emp…  
When  Kobane was sieged by  ISIS &amp;  Turkey,   was the only one there to help civilians &amp; injured  YPG/ YPJ fighters.✌️… 
Israelis target  ISIS fighters in  Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact - Washington Post  
Repo s:  Israel bombed  IslamicState positions in southern  Syria |  
To the eastern side of  Khurmatu lies a village, a remote mountain range, and vast dese  areas. Many people are he…   
SDF defeated  ISIS  Syria – the US and its allies should suppo  them in  Afrin  DefendAfrin    …
Pete ownsend7: Islam: Convenient Revelations  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
From   ...
ownsend7: London ‘Acid Attacks’. Isn’t ‘cultural enrichment’ grand?  Islam  Muslim  Islamophobia  tcot  ISIS  
Families with ISIS relatives Forced into Camps - Reliefweb    iraq  news
Families with ISIS relatives Forced into Camps - Reliefweb    iraq  news
MiddleEast  Crisis ISIS Targets Children in Latest Threat - Shared from   [   Isis
Israelis target  ISIS fighters in  Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact - Washington Post  
When Is There Going to be Accountability for US Wars and Aggression?
It’s all far - left right out  
Turkish attack on  Afrin should stop now. I call on the  
Dozens of civilians including 9 year old   Arhat Ahmad Aliko   killed by Turkish airstrikes  in the villages of Celeme i… 
Absolutely right to point out that there always has…  
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
Iraqi forces carry out coordinated roundup of 220 families with  ISIS relatives, beat some, destroy some of their homes s… 
Sulaimani’s grain silo set to be imploded on Friday
OpenSourceJihad  InspireMagazine7   AlQaeda calls for  TrainDerailOperations  TargettingMeansofTranspo ation Antifa dem…
NIA arrests  Kerala man who 'tried to sell wife' to  ISIS in Syria
Libya- LNA repo edly clashed with  ISIS militants near the Dahra Oil Field, during which 3 LNA fighters were killed and 1… 
Saudi Army Suffers Heavy Casualties in Failed Offensive Near Yemen's Border  Iran  Syria  Iraq
Conserving  wetlands such as in  Iran and  Iraq goes beyond  biodiversity  conservation. Wetlands conservation nee…  
conve  sho  rss to FULL CONTENT  RSS!  a icles  viral | Make Mon…  
Popularity of  Iraq’s  Abadi in the Balance ahead of May Elections
Check out  mylastfmweek in music at   via    IndieMusic  AlternativeRock…  
conve  sho  rss to FULL CONTENT  RSS!  a icles  viral | Make Money | 6 Ea…
NW.  Daraa: Rebels resumed operations against  ISIS offshot Jaish Ibn Khalid with heavy shelling &amp; clashes along Hayt-Te…
The terrorist group  ISIS IS the Caliphate that Gandhi fought for, &amp; Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is their Caliph.   
If you're looking for a meaningful discussion on  Iraq, then you are invited to join us   . Y…   
Pete ownsend7: The Real  WarOnWomen  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
Burned books and pictures of peace and prayers at the  Chaldean church of Saint Paul in  Mosul  Iraq
US basketball star rebounds from arrest with Iraq national team - Borneo…    iraq  news
The information coming from  Idlib (no h-west of  Syria) says the  Russian SU-25 bomber, shot down this afternoon and who… 
Simple easy VPS  HOSTING    LinkBuilding  IncreaseTraffic | SEO Blogg…  
nz: AQ/Global spreads al Hijrah bulletin issue 33   Jihad Will Continue Till The Last Hour   
Daesh-inspired terrorism = Islamic state inspired terrorism = Islamist terrorism = Islamic terrorism.   …  
DarrenOsborne’s path to radicalisation began with a BBC “drama” on the Rochdale sex scandal. Makes you wonder, how many  Ira… 
Turkish forces continue to be present on the outski s of Mosul despite the liberation of the city and the complete physica…
SEO A ICLE GENERATOR, create a icles in seconds! 
Families with  IS relatives forced into camps in  Iraq — repo s
Anti- Imperialist U: Introduction    Africa  Somalia  Yemen  Iraq  Ukraine  Russia  Syria  UK  US
Rebels consider new  Idlib offensive as Syrian Army shifts focus to  ISIS-held no heast  Hama    SAA  Syria
The latest Zoely Mamizaka, le Journal!   Thanks to    japan  daesh 
Roadside bomb in Sinai kills 2 Egyptian security forces    ISIS
Anti- Imperialist U: Alternative Media Spotlight    Africa  Ukraine  Russia  Iraq  Syria  Venezue…
To whoever doing their hijrah 💕 may Allah bless you with guidance and sabr 💕 dont give up
BIG!  Iraq|i MP in the Iraqi parliament Mohammad Ottman says that  ISIS still controls 40% of  Kirkuk province  
Anti- Imperialist U:  Israel Suppo ed Death Squads in  ElSalvador  Guatemala  Nicaragua    Pales…
:  Israel wants Washington’s pressure on  Russia, because Russia has so far prevented Israel’s use of the US military to… 
Our latest piece comes from one third of  , a  Glasgow based trio that is taking the Diaspora head on…   
Anti- Imperialist U: The Planned Destruction of  Iraq  
FridayFeeling    forex managed accounts  fx trading  InvestmentPlan  stocks  profit  fb…  
Egypt, Israel are secretly fighting against  ISIS together -  NewYork Post 
The mutilation of female  Kurdish soldiers who fought against  Isis, by  Turkish and  Syrian rebels is beyond  barbaric 
There is a false propaganda against the  ISIS Oneday the world esp the muslims will get to know.Takbir AllahuAkbar  
Families with  IS relatives forced into camps in  Iraq — repo s
ISIS Families with IS relatives forced into camps in Iraq — repo s  
TheArabSource   Rebels consider new  Idlib offensive as Syrian Army shifts focus to  ISIS-held no heast  Hama…   
Battles  Idilb/H/ Aleppo  Syria 4m 09 10 17to31 1 18 is like this &gt; SAA &amp;allies captures192 towns 4m  HTS &amp;other te…  
Pete ownsend7: Terror: Nothing to do with Islam?  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
Pete ownsend7: The Qur'an's Hate Speech  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
FULL AUTOMATIC  Blogging for BLOGGER BLOGSPOT    SEO  contents | Web Traffic | How This 25-Ye…  
Iraq's Lieutenant-General Abdul-Amir Yarallah, deputy commander of the army's Joint Operations Command, says anti…   
Ankit  beheading
Egypt, Israel are secretly fighting against  ISIS together -  NewYork Post   
Rebels consider new  Idlib offensive as Syrian Army shifts focus to  ISIS-held no heast  Hama SAA  Syria
Rebels consider new  Idlib offensive as Syrian Army shifts focus to  ISIS-held no heast  Hama    SAA  Syria
Iraq's Lieutenant-General Abdul-Amir Yarallah, deputy commander of the army's Joint Operations Command, says anti  ISIS o… 
I am a Professional Graphics Designer, Do Flyer, Poster, Banner, Business Card, Brochurer ETC design.…   
Baghdad will need substantial investments in its  water supply &amp;  wastewater treatment systems over the next 20 years.…
Israelis target  ISIS fighters in  Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact - Washington Post  
Reconciliation or Book of Peace by  Chaldean Bishop Amel Nona
Joint operation deals blow to  alQaeda affiliate on  Tunisia,  Algeria border   
This is both a great descriptive and prescriptive piece on the  KSA  Iraq relationship.    
Interesting story -  Iraq's  Karbala  Refinery to use    automated  controlsystems to maximise production:…  
Israelis target  ISIS fighters in  Egypt as pa  of cove  counte errorism pact - Washington Post  
With a new leader hopefully! It’s all about oil.  
Reconciliation, Book of Peace by  Chaldean Bishop Amel Nona 
son of Hedwig Lloyd
SHABMAN ..SPEAK OUT AND TELL US YOUR STORY.CANADIANS WANT TO UNDERSTAND HOW DANGEROUS THE LIBERAL GOV'T  AND JUSTIN TRUD…
DENOUNCE  israel    H0M0
Turkey is attacking Afrin with jihadi terrorists.  UnitedStates  ISIS  No hAtlanticTreatyOrganization...…  
Out of Ammo, Battle Hardened  SAS Soldier Beheads Charging  ISIS Fighter! 👍🏻👏🏻 
Su25  Syria
Egypt, Israel are secretly fighting against  ISIS together -  NewYork Post 
“The  Tajik Interior Ministry says that at least 1,100 Tajik nationals have gone to  Iraq and  Syria.”   
ISIS Central Bank of Iraq Auctions $184,979,766 on 04 February 2018   
Morocco dismantles 7 member  Daesh cell    via  
Americans offended that    ShitHole   Countries are offended   When you do so much for everyone   Build a Wall &amp; Stay Behind it… 
ICYMI,  Israel has been (repo edly) carrying out secret airstrike campaign in  Sinai to help  Egypt in its battle vs.  ISIS:… 
Should Iraq be the country we all look up to?
Do not insult or discourage those who hijrah. Guide and suppo  him because he is walking toward Allah SWT.
Embedded with  AlQaeda in  Syria  Daesh and al-Nusra  
What the  YPG does is reminiscent of what  ISIS did to the  Christians in no hern Iraq…” 
Violations Statistics, Against civilians in  Raqqa province in the year 2017, Full number of victims 3259 by  ISIS  SDF  YPG… 
hInit The  USA is suppo ing  Turkey and  ISIS because it's corrupted by…  
…  
WC1986  Iraq 1-2  Belgium
Degree of crimes perpetrated by  ISIS against humanity are so heinous &amp; great that their relatives will al…  
Trying to re-immerse myself in some of the best research on the ideology of  ISIS. One of the best papers I've read is th…
Families with ISIS relatives Forced into Camps - Reliefweb    iraq  news
Iraq rejects Turkish military 'intervention' in Afrin, FM - Rudaw    iraq  news 
Iraq rejects Turkish military 'intervention' in Afrin, FM - Rudaw    iraq  news 
Here is a new repo  of the US killing dozens of civilians in Eastern Syria...what say you good sir?…  
WC1986  Iraq 1-2  Belgium
Iraq
Ebaa Agency has released video of the moment  RuAF's Su-25SM was shot down by MANPADS over  Saraqib,  Idlib Countryside.… 
Bahrain depo s 8 after revoking their citizenship: HRW    iraq  iraqi
Who is  terrorist?
&amp; this is why helping  Iraq is a problem! They cannot B Trusted! Bribery frees  ISIS!
A friend can sometimes make all the difference.
Trump to Join of Chiefs come up with a plan to destroy  ISIS in 30 days  
US after moving Daesh to Afghanistan: Iran defense minister   Iran  Afghanistan  Daesh   
Trump to Join of Chiefs come up with a plan to destroy  ISIS in 30 days  
Pt. Regime took over 3 more villages from  ISIS in NE.  Hama countryside, still progressing from W. As-Saan axis. https… 
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
Recovery,  rehabilitation &amp; Reintegration of the “ Lost” Children Living and Serving Under the  IslamicState   by  … 
The Signs of a  Regional  War in  MiddleEast and Path to  WWIII   by Tom Peeters 
Barzani Charity Foundation will hold its Annual Conference on Monday, February 5th, 2018. 
Obama’s Friends  Hezbollah  IraqiForces vow to Attack  USTroops after  ISIS is killed off! We need to stop helping…  
How Does Islamic State Activity Differ From Other Groups? Excellent  infographic  dataviz and  summary at  
Pete ownsend7: Islam's 'Free Pass'  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
Pete ownsend7: Allah the mutilator - Feel the 'peace'  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
Trending NATO News  
Worrying if true. Also, non-sensical obsession w/ maintaining Sykes-Picot borders, thereby perpetuating intra-ethni…   
justintrudeau comparing  Italian  immigrants to  isis is like comparing  hitler to  mothe heresa ... Seriously, how are… 
TRUE HISTORY    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Jihad  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan
According to below,  Idlib rebels forged an undeclared truce with  SAA until latter clears  Hama pocket from…   
Kurdistan Region’s airpo s generated over $40.683 million in
MUSLIM IN THE EUROPE
UKagainstDaesh   UK-funded projects have helped create 2000+ jobs for women in  Iraq, financed 1000+ small busin…   
Airstrike against an  Daesh fighting position April 6 near Kobani,  Syria   
turkey, a  NATO ally of  AlQaeda   
Israel Carries Out Airstrikes in  Egypt, With Cairo’s O.K. |  ISIS  daesh  terrorism    
Afghanistan :  ISIS  Daesh has active  centers in  Zabul province.
Graphic:  ISIS stronghold in east  Syria totally flattened by  US airstrikes, a illery shelling - civilians burnt…   
According to below,  Idlib rebels forged an undeclared truce with  SAA until latter clears  Hama pocket from  IslamicState htt… 
The restoration of St. Barbara  Chaldean  Catholic Church in Karemlash,  Iraq, after the town's liberation from ISIS,… 
Graphic:  ISIS stronghold in east  Syria totally flattened by  US airstrikes, a illery shelling - civilians burnt to a… 
This  girl shares the story of how  ISIS  abducts  rapes and  sells  Yedizi girls  Iraq   via  
Libyan forces clash with  ISIS fighters near Dhara oilfield    
The old town of  Mosul still bleeding from wounds of war, nearly 6 months after  IslamicState group was forced out   
AlQaeda and  ISIS are assets of the US intelligence community.  
“We Stand Together to Legislate Peace.” Koya University students in  Iraq talked about the ways to develop the a icles of the…
Syria does this make sense? SAA allowed IS presence there to grow coz it suited them  
German spy chief alleges No h Korea uses Berlin embassy for procurement    iran  Iraq  hamburg
Lebanon will be the next war. Expect to see American proxy armies (Al Qaeda, ISIS), false flags or regime change at…   
Iraq
Greater  Idlib: some kind of temporary truce reached with  Russia &amp; Regime allowing them to focus on  ISIS pocket i…  
TheArabSource   Graphic:  ISIS stronghold in east  Syria totally flattened by  US airstrikes, a illery shelling…   
seems to me the to stop these guys is to stop making white toyota trucks. every time you see tbsmese videos it's al…  
The  Trump Team has a new  Syria strategy. The strategy depends on the  Syrian  Kurds so  America can draw down fro…  
Greater  Idlib: some kind of temporary truce reached with  Russia &amp; Regime allowing them to focus on  ISIS pocket in NE.…
Graphic:  ISIS stronghold in east  Syria totally flattened by US airstrikes, a illery shelling – civilians burnt t…   
Know about  Islam    Muslim  God  nice  ISIS  book  Rio2016  Prophet muhammad February 04, 20… 
The fact that  ISIS  Terrorists made it to  Syria unmolested tells us everything we need to know about  America’s real agenda…
Graphic:  ISIS stronghold in east  Syria totally flattened by  US airstrikes, a illery shelling - civilians burnt…   
Sta rek(the real one)..
Make your money grow with  CityOfInvestment. Global market leader in managed Forex trading. Check our investment pa…  
…  
Our   and   are all set for  Iraq. They will train   staff in our  usercentred communit…
The  Trump Team has a new  Syria strategy. The strategy depends on the  Syrian  Kurds so  America can draw down from th…
Iraq: Heavy infighting between two  PMU groups in Shirqat Sub-District
Graphic:  ISIS stronghold in east  Syria totally flattened by  US airstrikes, a illery shelling - civilians burnt…   
Dear    Erdogan used  ISIS to attack the Syrian Kurds, but now he uses the Free Syrian Army ( FSA ). If you don't… 
President Rouhani: Iran to Build, Purchase More Arms, Military Equipment  Iran  Iraq  Syria 
Pete ownsend7:  Islam and Hate Speech  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
Pete ownsend7: The Conve  Conundrum  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
Pete ownsend7: Qur'an Contradiction: Intercession  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot 
LICENCE TO KILL
Book ~  Hijrah  Lose yourself in a plot so deep you'll begin to question what's real and what's not! Explosive  action w…
Syrian Army captures several areas after intense battle with  ISIS in no heast  Hama    Syria
oons The following month, on the day 5/30/2016 commemorating the fall of Constantinople when Mus… 
WorldCancerDay
That’s what you call ‘stank voor dank’.  SpeakUpForAfrin  
ISIS continues to expand despite 'infidels' interference
s  Moshini with  ISIS  JamiaRahma  Mafraq…  
I think I can genuinely say that I've never heard a more destructive or idiotic idea.  
I hope   Continues aide to  Kurdish People. I like to send some professional soldiers over there and train the…  
Kurdish Fighter destroys Turkish AH-1 Cobra with ATGM in Efrin Province, Syria 
…
British military use that term everyday  Ireland  Iraq…  
Daesh indoctrinates children - driving wedges between families (via  )  
Pro and anti migrant demos engulf one German town Germany  Syria  Iraq  Afghanistan
Liberal Democrats were right on  Iraq and we are totally right on  Brexit
George Galloway was expelled from Labour Pa y because he stood up against Tony Blair in respect of  Iraq War. Galloway tol…
e: Honored to Meet You🎖️!  
Upstream Law and Regulation in  Iraq
…
PrisonPlanet:   Michael_Heaver: Did WestmonsterUK Twitter poll of next Tory Leader, 3,400 votes, 80% backed Mogg.…   
PrisonPlanet:   LeaveEUOfficial: Team Brexit? Boris as PM; the Mogg as Chancellor.
PrisonPlanet:   AmichaiStein1:  BREAKING video: Jewish community in Antwerp, Belgium publishes CCTV of an attempte…   
Families with IS relatives forced into camps in Iraq — repo s    iraq  news
Central Bank of Iraq Auctions $184,979,766 on 04 February 2018    iraq  news 
Pro and anti migrant demos engulf one German town Germany  Syria  Iraq  Afghanistan
The only way to  StopISIS is to  LeaveTheEU because  AngelaMerkel is the head of  ISIS and  Germany i…  
MANPADS into hands of  US backed jihadi  AlQaeda terrorists in  Syria came through neighbouring country.  Russia w…  
Russian fighter jet shot down by Syrian
Make your money grow with  CityOfInvestment. We are a global market leader in managed  Forextrading  investing…  
Iraq*** there I fixed it.  
tell that to  isis and the world of islam they would disagree  
Having suffered under  Daesh oppression, Linda now helps refugee kids cope with the trauma &amp; find joy in their everyday… 
MANPADS into hands of  US backed jihadi  AlQaeda terrorists in  Syria came through neighbouring country.  Russia will punish…
Totally agree. By covering all of this up creates a false reality which does not serve present and future generatio…  
'Interviews with parents who fled  ISIS-controlled areas in  Syria  reveal that the group pursued a calculated campaign ai…
ytarian: Who said   was failed presidential candidate?
Another Mass Grave Of Isil Victims Discovered In  Iraq  Security    
Pete ownsend7: Get your free ebook today 'Arabic for Unbelievers' by Peter Townsend    
ISIS was created by  CIA and  Mossad.  politics  war  
tell that to  isis and the world of islam they would disagree  
Graphic:  ISIS stronghold in east  Syria totally flattened by US airstrikes, a illery shelling – civilians burnt to a cr… 
Wow! For you to say that is astonishing!!    That is headline in every paper around the world except of cause the N…  
Under  ISIS control unthinkable:  Book culture returns to  Iraq's post-jihadist  Mosul   via  
FULL AUTOMATIC Blog for  BLOGGER with a icle rewriter    blogger  freelance | SEO Software |…  
The_NewArab Bahrain depo s 8 to Iraq after revoking their citizenship    Iraq
Retweet -&gt; thaar: 
Retweet -&gt; thaar: 
Breaking: Syrian Army takes key crossroad town from  ISIS in no heast  Hama amid escalating offensive    SAA  Syria
German spy chief alleges No h Korea uses Berlin embassy for procurement    Iraq  govhack  AP
Wow. I’m not sure I’ve heard many proposals that might be worse for the average Syrian.  
Breaking: Syrian Army takes key crossroad town from  ISIS in no heast  Hama amid escalating offensive    SAA  Syria
Breaking: Syrian Army takes key crossroad town from  ISIS in no heast  Hama amid escalating offensive  
Yezidi painter aims to share her people's life under  ISIS with the world
Patriots  AmericaFirst  boycottsuperbowl2018  Police  TakeAKnee  AntiAmerican  antiAnthem  antiFlag  antiMilitary…  
Urgent:
Not to mention how well this soft strategy worked in the inbred Monarchy of No h Korea.  
TheArabSource   Breaking: Syrian Army takes key crossroad town from  ISIS in no heast  Hama amid escalating offe…   
BREAKING: Syrian Army takes key crossroad town from  ISIS in no heast  Hama amid escalating offensive SAA  Syria
you know the funniest thing you di y  jihasists gods and goblins dont exist, you will s…   
Boycott Crazies    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
Always remember.  Syria  
No h-East  Hama :  SAA free Abu al-Kusur + Talhan from  Daesh v    
The trick is to scream  ISIS &amp; terrorism.  Syria  
Good news.  
Teachers to resume protest against delay of salary
Tender for Renting of light cars for the companys headqua ers for 180 days
ISIS was created by  CIA and  Mossad.  politics  war  
Egypt, Israel are secretly fighting against  ISIS together -  NewYork Post   0DaCf 
Why hasn't a single barrel bomb been dropped by the regime on  ISIS? Can Landis answer?
Breaking: Syrian Army takes key crossroad town from  ISIS in no heast  Hama amid escalating offensive    SAA  Syria
ISIS Three people, including colonel, injured in Baghdad bomb blast   
Reading: 10 vintage photos of Arab leaders as children    UAE  Egypt  Palestine  Iraq  Oman  Jordan  Sy…
Long before  ISIS gangs appeared in  Syria Assad gangs were mutilating peaceful protesters.
Egypt, Israel are secretly fighting against  ISIS together -  NewYork Post   0DaCf 
Lunch,  Jerusalem style, at Azura, restaurant has many Middle East dishes,  Kurdish  Iraq  Turkish  cuisine   
Families with IS relatives forced into camps in Iraq — repo s    iraq  news
There was no war or  ISIS gangs in  Syria when  Assad gangs were to uring to death defenceless civilians suspected of…
Egypt, Israel are secretly fighting against  ISIS together -  NewYork Post   
Central Bank of Iraq Auctions $184,979,766 on 04 February 2018    iraq  news 
📊Time for monthly stats 😊
cybercrime  Daesh cyber-attackers may hire help from the  darkweb   vía  
ISIS bungee jump fest
Nour al-Din al-Zenki Brigade, the Child beheaders fighting on Turkish side against the Kurds in  Afrin. 
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
…  
Judiciary Spokesman: Iranian-American Namazi Not Freed  Iran  Iraq  Syria
You are right. We must stop killing our military men/women while putting country TRILLION…  
Subramanian Swamy on  Twitter  Rama  Iraq  Ram    
Egypt, Israel are secretly fighting against  ISIS together -  NewYork Post   
Pete ownsend7: Terror Attacks. Nothing to do with  london?  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  tcot…  
…
The enduring threat of terrorism    Libya  ISIS  Si e  Syria  Iraq
EuropiStan »
Oman bans impo s of live birds from Iraq    Oman  Iraq  Birds  Eggs  SaudiArabia
Israel cove ly bombed  Daesh on  Sinai for years, OP allegedly greenlit by  Egypt 
Human Rights for Refugees: The Trick of Our Time by Taha Salim,  Iraq  food  EuropeanUnion 
“Diversity is strength” says Minnesota mayor!    Immigration  Refugees  TCOT  Hijrah
The islamist group that beheaded a child is now fighting alongside Turkish army in  Afrin  
More than 5 million Third World migrants entered Europe since 2011    Islam  Islamic  Hijrah
mis59   This photograph clearly shows ho…
Britain Drops 3,400 Bombs in  Syria and  Iraq - and Says No Civilians Killed 
The enduring threat of terrorism    Libya  ISIS  Si e  Syria  Iraq
…  
BehorizonOrg: First  HorizonInsights published on 30 January 2018.
…
Afrin,  AfrinUnderAttack, PKK/YPG terrorists spreading false news using years old pictures of children killed by…   
Make your money grow with  CityOfInvestment. We are a global market leader in managed  Forextrading  investing…  
“ ISIS is a pimple; Muslim Brotherhood is cancer.   
New repo  by   on tribes &amp;  alQaeda in  Yemen for  . Impo ant conclusions incl:
Leaked John Kerry audio: White House wanted ISIS to rise in Syria &gt;&gt;&gt;Obama(America)＆Abe(Japan) founded  ISIS   
Egypt, Israel are secretly fighting against  ISIS together -  NewYork Post 
Congratulations and keep up the good work! 👏👏👏
The islamist group that beheaded a child is now fighting alongside Turkish army in  Afrin  
Great, after killing  Kurds and  Sunni Arabs now    Turkey will be killing  Christians who fought  ISIS. I hope…   
We Fight for  Kurds, Not  US or  France: Former  PYD Leader 
Question the  MSM narrative &amp; u are fools/Russians/conspiracists/unpatriotic. Sounds like  Vietnam  Iraq…
Yazidi boy gets sho  meeting with Trudeau after showing up at town hall forum
Know Truth More    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
CBI currency auction on February 1 registered $185,195,065 in 
Yazidi boy gets sho  meeting with Trudeau after showing up at town hall forum
Who are most immoral? Who uses their  children as bombs teaches children  hate in school &amp; nation…  
Little known fact. Just give this a think or two. Huh?  
Iraq rejects Turkish military 'intervention' in Afrin, FM - Rudaw    iraq  news 
Iraq rejects Turkish military 'intervention' in Afrin, FM - Rudaw    iraq  news 
Egypt, Israel are secretly fighting against  ISIS together -  NewYork Post   0DaCf   
Iraq plans a big sta  to 2018 with a number of key projects set to get underway. It is looking to expedite time frames to…
A    Turkey killing  Christians will make  NATO very much loved in the West &amp; East Congrats for your policies:…  
PR No.50331: ISIS kisses toilet bowl
Take a look at the stories that made our front page this week |  Saudi  Iraq    Israel  KRG  Iran  
We Love Goats
isis Graphic: ISIS stronghold in east Syria totally flattened by US airstrikes, a illery shelling – civilians bur…   
Take a look at the stories that made our front page this week |  Egypt  Dana Gas  TransGlobe  US Shale  Iran  Libya  Iraq h…
JihadistTurkishState
Unless the US government condemns the atrocities of Turkish soldiers who have committed against Barîn Kobanî - the…  
ISIS executing a journalist.
These are the  freeSyrianarmy they are working with  Turkey to remove  YPG/YPJ from  Efrin to   free the people  . 
Also   seems to be on top of this.
hijrah doesn't mean you have to turn from bad person to the pious one in one day. changing slowly is better and try to isti…
Israel Conducted Over 100 Airstrikes over 2 years by unmarked drones, helicopters and jets in  Sinai as Pa  of War on  … 
ISIS executing a journalist.
Trinidad's Terrorists: A tiny nation became  ISIS recruiting ground: More than 100 of its citizens travelled 10.000 km to…
JihadistTurkishState
For the first time I disagree with brother  .    is not our worst President--not yet.  G. W. B…
Already displaced Syrians, Christians, Ezidis also under fire from Turkey  Iraq  bhive   
Waiting for Al Qaeda to launch another failed  Idlib offensive to save  ISIS
.  looks at 16 years of presidents talking about the war in  Afghanistan   And we can also hav…
ISLAMIC TERROR THREAT AT THE  SUPERBOWL?
ISIS attacks  SDF with two suicide bombings near town of  Bahra east of the  Euphrates
AfrinOperation
NIA arrests man accused of 'conspiring' to sell wife to  ISIS as sex slave  
A reminder:  Haftar has aerially bombed most of  Libya’s cities in his failed military coup attempt &amp; has destroyed la…
AwanContra🇵🇰  JamesWoolsey  CIA  DynCorp  GenieEnergy🧞‍
I will not be satisfied until the  Kurds have a sovereign nation. I’ve waited 35 years for it. It’s one of this pla…  
Families with  ISIS relatives forced into camps.
AwanContra🇵🇰  JamesWoolsey  CIA  DynCorp  GenieEnergy🧞‍
A Zoroastrian ceremony in Slemani for Avesta Khabur who blew herself up in Afrin to stop Turkish invasion of the Kurdish…
The institutions that influenced the global narrative and the media completely missed an oppo unity to stay ethica…  
CIA manipulates all the  news - for example  ISIS beheadings shown to be fake  
InternationalCommunity must deal with  Daesh Foreign Terrorist Fighters captured by the Syrian Democratic Forces as quickly…
Syrian Democratic Forces have had great success in detaining  Daesh terrorists trying to leave  Syria.  Their actions are he…
A new mass grave contained the remains of 80 Yazidi civilians, has been discovered in Sinjar. 
Local Syrians continue to fight to liberate territory from  Daesh.   Syrian Democratic Forces, suppo ed by the  ,… 
F****g Mossad aka  MEMRI! just cant keep kids out of this  ISIS crap!    
Iraq’s Communications and Media Commission has ordered several Kurdish communication companies to stop their landli…  
As a Muslim, we know that many of these youngsters are taught at home that  Islam is superior to every…   
As a Muslim, we know that many of these youngsters are taught at home that  Islam is superior to everyone e… 
This what has been happening... it is likely a reality rather than a proposal.. when  DC expe s try to use sanctions agains…
The long knives are out for Trump’s pick to head the IOM    Immigration  Refugees  TCOT  Hijrah
Before  ISIS or alQaeda were invented,  Assad regime was massacring cities, doctors, engineers, lawyers, and anyone dared to… 
The   releasing this information is a much bigger threat to national security than the  FISAMemoRelease ever…   dratk
Maldives  army seals off  parliament, arrests MPs    Terrorist  Terror… 
Sinai:  ISIS IED attack has killed 2 soldiers &amp; wounded 7 others near al-Arish.  
Human_Rights_Watch slams  Turkish deadly force against  Syrian_refugees
In secret battle against shared foe  ISIS,  Israel carries out drone strikes in no hern  Sinai in suppo  of  Egypt   
Dr. Walid Phares:  Daesh in America  
Rooster Attack.. ↺ ❤️️    cool  animals  gross  dancing  wtf  iraq  funny  comm  stupid…  
BLACKLISTER pro-Daech!  ISIS  OpISIS  OpJihad
Pointless Video ↺ ❤️️    parody  drunk  iraq  gross  sexy  standup  hilarious  animals…  
Amazing Sea Life Time Lapse. ↺ ❤️️    wtf  comm  stupid  news  animals  hilarious  drunk…  
Breaking: Syrian Army snatches 2 more towns in no heast  Hama as troops prepare to strike at key  ISIS stronghold…  
I Was There O_o ↺ ❤️️    drunk  gross  animals  news  iraq  hilarious  cars  fight  stupid…  
The  PA wants to join  ISIS
Russian, Syrian warplanes unleash all-out attack on  ISIS in no heast  Hama as army prepares to eliminate pocket https:… 
Al-Masdar News
Iran Appears to Be Losing Influence in Syria  
QAnon
More  IslamicState jihadis now in  UK than Britons in  Syria fighting the  IslamicState  
BREAKING: Syrian Army snatches 2 more towns in no heast  Hama as troops prepare to strike at key  ISIS stronghold…  
Al-Masdar News
Open managed fx:  clients  investors  hnwi  pensioners to  invest in our  forex  managed  accounts…  
YounusAlGohar Explains The True Concept of Imam Mehdi ImamMehdi  ImamMahdi  JesusChrist…  
Watch   What does  Islam have to do with  ISIS?   Quran  Muhammad  Daesh  ISIL…   
More  IslamicState jihadis now in  UK than Britons in  Syria fighting the  IslamicState  
Breaking: Syrian Army snatches 2 more towns in no heast  Hama as troops prepare to strike at key  ISIS stronghold…  
…
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
Criminals are in every religion. But not every religion normalizes sex-slavery an…
SEO friendly AUTOBLOG for  WordPress.com   | Blogs idea | Blogging ke…  
Watch   What does  Islam have to do with  ISIS?   Quran  Muhammad  Daesh  ISIL…   
TheArabSource   Breaking: Syrian Army snatches 2 more towns in no heast  Hama as troops prepare to strike at key…   
More Americans are killed in Lawn Mover incidents than by terrorists. Terrorism, ISI, Syria, Jihad, Jihadist, Iraq.…   
IRGC Commander: US Air Force, Naval Power around Iran Fully Identified  Iran  Iraq  Syria 
The MANPADS used was a FN-6 or Feinu-6 a Chinese made MANPADS supplied to  Sudan who sold it to the  CIA   
At least two Canadian women are among 800 foreign ‘ISIS families’ being held in legal limbo by Kurdish forces…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
BLACKLISTER pro-Daech!  ISIS  OpISIS  OpJihad
Exclusive:  Syria army vs  Daesh skirmishes outside Damascus – frontline repo   
Oil, Empire And Israel - Why We Went To The  Middle_East  Iraq  Iran  UAE  Syria  Saudi  Turkey  Yemen   
Russia|n bomber fighting terrorists  AlQaeda and  ISIS in  Syria shot by  US supplied MANPADS, DELIVERED pa  of a pro… 
What?  
alk: More lies,  which used by  ISIS terrorists to justify their actions!,  the only air force operating in  Sinai is the  EAF.… 
attempts to regain territory in a build up to May  Ramadan2018 counter offensive.  
Captured explosive devices and pressure switches awaiting destruction inside a collection point area in  Iraq.
It is a plan done by  Russia to weaken  America backed forces  FSA and to destroy the remaining  IslamicState group…  
The Sudden Surge of Media Coverage on the  CIA’s Arming of  ISIS  
Anti-West
Most of the experienced Kurdish fighter went to  Afrin,  Manbij,  Kobani and other towns. Also, most of t…   
Raqqa
Canadian women &amp; their children are among the 800 (!) foreign “ ISIS families” being held in legal limbo in massive…  
Houry also notes the sheer number of children born in  ISIS territory. A potential “stateless generation.” Some wou…  
Maybe its time we sta ed doing the same back, being quiet, tolerant &amp; accepting isn't working, maybe something a l…   
Violence is pa  of everyday life fr them  
I'll be on   ( Texas) today at 6pm and 10PM CST to discuss the work that military  veteran volunteers have done f…
Kurds fought and died to defeat  ISIS, the surrogate of  Turkey. 
Yet BBC still insisting it's Assad bombing &amp; gassing his own people. Yet BBC programme &amp; a UN investigation about S…  
Canadian women &amp; their children are among the 800 (!) foreign “ ISIS families” being held in legal limbo in massive Kurdish-…
A stunning hike in Garadagh,  Kurdistan region of  Iraq. Summiting Qopi Baurguru  TwitterKurds  Hiking   
Houry also notes the sheer number of children born in  ISIS territory. A potential “stateless generation.” Some would be ent…
As well as  Daesh ,  AlQaeda &amp;  Hamas have constantly called for car ramming &amp; stabbing attacks.   
Shocking scenes  
These two statues of women are both over 4,000 years old and represent citizens from two of the world’s oldest cities:… 
Kurds fought and died to defeat  ISIS, the surrogate of  Turkey. 
Raqqa
Really interesting.  
ISIS Attacks Oil Fields in Eastern Libya
🇸🇾 Syria N.E.  Hama ISIS Pocket
I'm American Iranian. Who can't best you? I'm American Iranian. Both the countries I come from can spa…  
MOSUL: Literary cafes, poetry readings &amp; pavement bookstalls — Mosul’s cultural scene is back in business, months aft… 
Oil minister wants Rosneft in Baghdad to discuss Kirkuk fields
As  ISIS has fallen they continue to become more Horrific. Their focus is now mainly on children to keep their caus…  
Tender for Clearing and Forwarding Warehousing and Commodity Transpo ation Services
We are accepting  clients  investors  hnwi  pensioners to  invest in our  forex  managed  accounts.…  
Know Truth More    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
Hatice the  Isis suppo er doesn't realize her best  turkey army is fighting women.. (and not getting…  
Israel-based weapons expo ed from ISIS
She could be in the elite club if she has a full suppo  system.
Why I haven't been on Twitter much the past 2 months: I am in  Iraq helping to raise a Christian army to fight  ISIS: htt…
Have you read this  
Desperate Times    Developing  News  Blog by  blogger   ➡   top stories shared by   dissent  iraq 
US sta ed  Vietnam war when US Pres lied about  Vietcong attack on US planes. It would be interesting what they gonna…
BREAKING Turkish army is bombing the  schools in Raju district in  Afrin Canton in No h syria
A soft voice entered the ruckus   I guess    TravelBan doesn't sound so bad now, huh?   
Sma Dissent is a Database tracking actions by  Trump &amp;  Congress so ed by subject. See our  Defense &amp;  Military…  
Pro-government forces have repo edly sta ed operations against the  ISIS pocket in  Hama -  Syria  
Looks like   is on the case here. Whether discovered by checks or intel, shows impo ance of end use monitoring and… 
Ohio: Muslim migrant who plotted jihad terror attack in Texas asks for depo ation instead of prison…  
The latest The Omega Underground!   Thanks to  iraq  us
has shown to Cdns that he prefers Muslims &amp; Non-Canadians.
Unlike the UK of course Tom  Iraq  yemen  Kenya  India  Malyasia to name but a few  
Iraq to get $100 billion from  Kuwait conference- spokesman 
.  Why is a piece about  Egypt and  Israel co-op against  ISIS in Sinai headed by a pic of  Netanyahoo point…  
Iraqi forces launch a massive military operation in search of  ISIS terror cells east of  Diali
Chilling moment smiling  ISIS child soldier is given an  AK47 rifle by his  teacher
Syrian army repo edly seizes  Israeli made  weapons on their way to  ISIS (‘Israeli State of Irak &amp; Syria’).   3meM
has shown to Cdns that he prefers Muslims &amp; Non-Canadians.
Yeah right,   
So this is what  Saddam pulled on the  world?  Iraq  wmd  chemical  
has shown to Cdns that he prefers Muslims &amp; Non-Canadians.
Unlike the UK of course Tom  Iraq  yemen  Kenya  India  Malyasia to name but a few  
Iraq to get $100 billion from  Kuwait conference- spokesman 
Iraq: Three people, including colonel, injured in Baghdad bomb blast   via   
dissent:  Sma Dissent is a Database tracking actions by  Trump &amp;  Congress so ed by subject. See our  Defense &amp;  Military page:…
SecDef Mattis says operations against   ISIS will change in 2018.
On the brave Serena Shim and her still-not investigated death in Turkey:
Iraq - Families with IS relatives forced into camps   via  
Fmr.  CIA Chief: Media Ignoring 'Very Significant Threat' of  Radical Inspired by  Daesh  
Syrian army repo edly seizes  Israeli made  weapons on their way to  ISIS (Israeli State of Irak &amp; Syria)
Iraq pursuing better ties with neighbors: PM Al Abadi
PrisonPlanet:   AmichaiStein1:  BREAKING video: Jewish community in Antwerp, Belgium publishes CCTV of an attempted car r… 
Remember How It BEGAN ???
Nice idea.
❝I long to annihilate ISIS❞
Turkey =  ISIS .
Syrian army repo edly seizes  Israeli made  weapons on their way to  ISIS.
GOOGLE NEWS FULL RSS from your keyword choice!    WordPress…  
🇸🇾 Syria N.E.  Hama ISIS Pocket
Iranian regime's media empire in the Middle East
ERDOGAN'S  AlQaeda Soldiers
Yusra, Abdul Bari, Marwa, Senduz are orphans of  ISIS fighter finally reunited to their family in  Iraq  Kurdistan…   
473  Turkish soldiers and its  AlQaeda allies killed by  Kurdish defenders in  Afrin in one week  
🇸🇾 Syria
473  Turkish soldiers and its  AlQaeda allies killed by  Kurdish defenders in  Afrin in one week  
Delighted to see my assessment on the rise of  ISIS in no hern Afghanistan picked up by the Associated Press and a…  
The Praetorian Satellite is out!  iraq  syria  
🇸🇾 Syria
EuropiStan »
Video of pro-government forces clashing with  ISIS in  Hama -  Syria  
'Frankenstein in Baghdad' sparks Hollywood elite into life  Iraq  literature  film  AhmedSaadawi  
How It works? You invest money in your personal online  CityOfInvestment managed Forex account held with a regulate…  
IRGC deputy commander Gen. Salami:  Iraq ,  Syria armies are  Iran’s strategic defense depth; best strategy is engaging… 
Watch  AajKaViral show on 6,000-year-old Lord Rama and Hanuman carvings in the ruins of Ur found in SIemania  iraq…   
Watch  AajKaViral show on 6,000-year-old Lord Rama and Hanuman carvings in the ruins of Ur found in SIemania  iraq Ton… 
Those Nations Behind  Daesh Must Be Prosecuted For Crimes -V- Humanity  warcrimes  Genocide  puppet&gt; 
AlHayat Media_Center_Presents_
Two and half million Iraqi refugees have returned to their homes
IslamicState attacker shows intersection of crime,  Terror   
Justin Trudeau thinks the ISIS fighters he is welcoming back to Canada are fleeing persecution? They went to rape, murder… 
AlHayat Media_Center_Presents_
IslamicState attacker shows intersection of crime,  Terror   
MasoomStanekzai, head of  NDS speaks to BBC and claims that Iran and Russia assist the Taliban as an excuse that they're… 
SAA,  QSF liberate “Judaydah” &amp; “Samiriyah” from  ISIS, approaching 2 impo ant Terrorists' strongholds along a se…   
A mass grave containing the remains of 80 Ayzidis was found in Sinjar
JewishRefugeesFromArabLands
SAA,  QSF liberate “Judaydah” &amp; “Samiriyah” from  ISIS, approaching 2 impo ant Terrorists' strongholds along a secon… 
Watch  AajKaViral show on 6,000-year-old Lord Rama and Hanuman carvings in the ruins of Ur found in SiIemania  Iraq…   
Video of pro-government forces clashing with  ISIS in  Hama -  Syria  
Japanese agitator on Twitter   blasphemes MUHAMMAD to be a criminal PEDOPHILE.
Watch  AajKaViral show on 6,000-year-old Lord Rama and Hanuman carvings in the ruins of Ur found in SiIemania  Iraq To… 
ISIS acounts  OpISIS  Daesh  Targets
IEDs and ordnance recently found and destroyed in no hern  Iraq.
NIC has included the “Grand Po  of Al Faw” in its list of major
Wrong... Obama plotted a coup against America &amp; did His best to FLOOD the West w/Muslim Refugees &amp; Hillary helped H…  
MENA AGENDA
@ ( TarekFatah ) -
Retweeted Al-Masdar News ( ):
The  Syriac O hodox Church celebrated the first Holy  Mass in the  Church of the Virgin  Mary of Deir Al-Zour (Eas…  
The  Syriac O hodox Church celebrated the first Holy  Mass in the  Church of the Virgin  Mary of Deir Al-Zour (East o…
Envoy Underlines Iran's Firm Suppo  for Reconstruction of Iraq  Iran  Iraq  Syria
That was:
4 days after we escaped the 2nd time, we looped back to find our lost children. We found their bodies on the side…   
4 days after we escaped the 2nd time, we looped back to find our lost children. We found their bodies on the side of the r… 
President  Barzani talking about punishment of people of  Kurdistan.  TwitterKurds  Davos2018  KRG  Iraq  Erbil  Hewler…
Amnesty International: Fears Grow Over Safety of Iran Protesters
AlQaeda’s chick-lit:   HOW TO PLEASE YOUR HOLY WARRIOR! History_of_Islam is full of  Strong_women encouraging…   
70% of displaced Iraqis in Kirkuk province have returned to their homes.  ISIS  Iraq   lRB
IslamicState attacker shows intersection of crime,  Terror   
What a shocking, wink wink, idea.  GenieEnergy using  ISIS as a proxy army to steal Syrian resources. Seems like th…   
What a shocking, wink wink, idea.  GenieEnergy using  ISIS as a proxy army to steal Syrian resources. Seems like the  Global… 
Coincidence?  
Japanese agitator on Twitter   blasphemes MUHAMMAD to be a criminal PEDOPHILE.
Watch   What does  Islam have to do with  ISIS?   Quran  Muhammad  Daesh  ISIL…   
harris deciple of  DemocratsHateAmerica They have ALWAYS covered up truth!…  
ISIS acounts  OpISIS  Daesh  Targets
Syrian forces and allies relentlessly beating back the Jihadists in  Idlib. I expect   chemical weapons   incidents…   
ISIS Threatens Attack On Puppy Bowl  RAQQA  Syria  UnitedStates    
Syrian forces and allies relentlessly beating back the Jihadists in  Idlib. I expect   chemical weapons   incidents will inten… 
Thinking about crowdfunding the shit I sit through sometimes.
IslamicState terrorists in  Libya getting plenty of  tramadol pills on the black market thanks to  Italian…  
AutoTraffic, automatically drive REAL traffic to your website!    a icles  WriteA icle | We…   
ISIS Threatens Attack On Puppy Bowl  Syria  UnitedStates  RAQQA    
Video showing  ISIS handing out flour to people in southern  Idlib countryside -  Syria  
KeralaNo1 in  ISIS recruitment
ISIS  terrorists do not belong in  Canada . Trudeau welcoming them home as LOST SONS ! No one in their right mind w…  
Eric a deciple of  DemocratsHateAmerica They have ALWAYS covered up truth!
ISIS Is Dead...Credit Trump - Dick Morris TV: Lunch Ale !    ISIS  …
DemocratsHateAmerica They have ALWAYS covered up truth!
Candid comment:  India, AfghanGovt  TTP  Daesh,strings attached 2 one  Master in  Afghan . Its matter of Courage,inter… 
Israel expands 2 illegal settlements in East al-Quds  Iran  Syria  Yemen  Iraq  
Political groups in the Basque Parliament demanded the  EU and   to take action to stop the attacks against…  
IslamicState attacker shows intersection of crime,  Terror   
NE.  Hama: Regime turning on  ISIS, now left alone in area following Rebel withdrawal. 3 villages seized W. of As-Saan.… 
Why didn’t  it bother  Democrats that  Obama and  Hillary top advisors were…  
looking for photo background remove.
AlQaeda’s chick-lit: HOW TO PLEASE YOUR HOLY WARRIOR.   History_of_Islam is full of  Strong_women working to encou…  
NIA arrests prime accused in ISIS No h Paravur case in Kannur
Russia strikes back after warplane is downed in Syria  
Isis ‘far from finished’ as  jihadi fighters regroup in  Syria  
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
The Italian Mob Is Peddling Pills to  ISIS
IslamicState terrorists in  Libya getting plenty of  tramadol pills on the black market thanks to  Italian  Ndrangheta mob…
Is  Islam A  Religion Of Peace? Quran  Muhammad  Wahhabi  Ahmadiyya  ReligionOfPeace…  
ObamaLegacy says white people are worse than  Isis ... which is a LIE ... we haven't beheaded, burned, drowned, ra…   
The bureaucracy of evil: how Islamic State ran a city  ISIS  Mosul   
SE.  Idlib:  ISIS claims advances against Regime E. of  Sinjar while it shelled Saan earlier today in NE.  Hama. https:/…
IslamicState attacker shows intersection of crime,  Terror 
Thanks for asking-surely failing to  teach
Note: Daesh is ISIS.  
Egyptian,  Saudi businessmen gear up for  Iraq, Syria, Libya reconstruction “No Turks Please”…   
Fundraising festival in Erbil to raise money for child cancer patients
IslamicState attacker shows intersection of crime,  Terror   
Note: Daesh is ISIS.  
restaurant has many Middle East dishes
That’s because
…
SAA is choking the  ISIS pocket in Southern  Idlib  
BREAKING Urgent appeal from  Afrin  Church leaders to the World Council of Churches:”please stop Turkey &amp;  AlQaeda ’s…
Why   felt compelled to write this? What’s the pt? Who suffers? We know the answer to that question... Israel…  
Wrong... Obama plotted a coup against America &amp; did His best to FLOOD the West w/Muslim Refugees &amp; Hillary helped Him make…
on5550   er1  …
CNN: 'This is a massacre': Turkey's bombs drive families into caves   عفرين_الآن  عفرین…
Turkey the terrier harbpring country,  turkey the maker of  Isis indeed has chemical weap…   
Polish soldier burning  ISIS flag in Syria wins most badass photo of the year.  
Two and half million Iraqi refugees have returned to their homes
JihadiJustin says these feminists need to leave his extreme travellers alone or face name calling!  
IslamicState attacker shows intersection of crime,  Terror 
Lost ALL patience with these people.  ROUND THEM UP AND SEND  THEM BACK TO THEIR SHITHOLE COUNTRIES!!!!!  
IslamicState attacker shows intersection of crime,  Terror 
Peace prospects fading in Afghanistan as Trump rejects talks with Taliban
Iraqi refugees return to their homes
At least two  Canadian women are among 800 foreign ‘ ISIS families’ being held in legal limbo by  Kurdish forces
Forever Stalingrad  uspoli  russia  moscow  ukpoli  cdnpoli  paris  auspol  chicago  nyc  miami  losangeles  texas…  
SAA is choking the  ISIS pocket in Southern  Idlib  
Kelly Murray
Iraq rejects Turkish military 'intervention' in Afrin, FM - Rudaw    iraq  news 
Iraq to launch security operation against White Banners group, but who are they…    iraq  news 
At least two  Canadian women are among 800 foreign ‘ ISIS families’ being held in legal limbo by  Kurdish forces
Online tool to FORWARD RSS TO EMAIL.    ppc  WebMarketing | Blog ideas | Why Quicksprout’s Ne…  
Iraq to launch security operation against White Banners group, but who are they…    iraq  news 
I believe that this declaration of decisive victory over Boko Haram is rather premature and, at best, presumptive.…   
JihadiJustin says these feminists need to leave his extreme travellers alone or face name calling!  
Invasion is NOT  defence
No difference! Same barbaric act, same ideology, different barbarians committing the act  ISIS  Iran  SaudiArabia   
100s of 1000s of  Kurdish civilians march in the Syrian city of  Afrin today to protest the invasion by  Turkey and…  
ESTADO LIMITE my  thriller that takes place in  Sultan WA  Seattle  Snohomish Co  FBI  ISIS   OJHo http…
Mr.Erdoan is now sucked into the  IslamicState war  Turks are going to loose lot of lives for a war they did not wa…  
Invasion is NOT  defence
Had reviewed a novel, The Corpse Washer, by the great   some years ago. Read his new book and everything…   
The   - Chief of Police Bryan Sylvester and Detective Mike Hunter have been planting ISIS propag…  
100s of 1000s of  Kurdish civilians march in the Syrian city of  Afrin today to protest the invasion by…  
Austrian Banks to Finance Purchase of Equipment for Iran's N. Hospital  Iran  Iraq  Syria
Watch True Concept of Imam Mehdi vs  Wahhabi Fallacy  YounusAlGohar Wahhabism…  
The   platform for 2020
WAIT, WHAT?!   
In  UK, many signed petition to ban   due to his unfo unate anti- Muslim remark, same people could…   
2  IslamicState suicide bombers have been killed and 3 others arrested during a military operation in western  Kirkuk ht…
you be the judge. Audience member asks Priminister Trudeau about his decision to let ISIS members back into Canada how he pl…
KillerAmerika !!! America is a friend of terrorist organizations...!  PKK  PYD  YPG  ISIS  FETÖ
FromInside |  Iraq
Retweeted Mr. Revinsky ( ):
Barack Obama was the Worst President in the History of the United States!   If You Agree.  FisaAbuse  ObamaDeepState  …
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign…  
NO MORE FORCED HIJAB.   NoHijabDay  NoHijabForLife  WomensRightsInTheMiddleEast  WomensRightsInMuslimCountries…  
Means now we is for this, thay which FIRKA of Islam will become Leader first then they will rule on WORLD *(just dr…   
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campa…   bj
IslamicState attacker shows intersection of crime,  Terror 
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
MT   :  USSTheodoreRoosevelt Strike Group   is in the Gulf contributing to strikes that will be final…
DemocratsHateAmerica They have ALWAYS covered up truth!
Daesh’s links with  OrganisedCrime: from  drugs to  counterfeiting
…  
Tender for Engineering Procurement and Construction of Computational Pipeline Monitoring
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
Had reviewed a novel, The Corpse Washer, by the great   some years ago. Read his new book and everything els… 
After one day talking on  NL priorities for  Iraq incl Kurdistan region with full fledged team  , back via…   
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
A 22-strong  ISIS terrorist cell has been arrested in  Mosul charged for forging documents for fleeing  IslamicState mil…
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The camp…  
Is the Italian mob peddling pills to  ISIS ? 
Local powers step in to fight  ISIS when USA pulls back on direct military intervention in the  ME. Caveat that US…  
:  ISIS member planning terrorist attack in  Russia on presidential election date eliminated – FSB
Spotted in  brussels ...  isis cola. It is organic though.  
Iraq: New bridge opens in Yathrib, sub-district of Salah al-Din, serving over 70,000 people. The bridge, built by  UNHCR &amp; its… 
Honor Killing -  Iraq Girl Stoned  
Two water purification units installed by   and  SHR in  AbuGhraib district,  Baghdad provide 40,000 people with ac… 

Turkey cautions US troops against being targeted in Syria  Iran  Syria  Yemen  Iraq  
Tune in to Activate Radio Now for the Veterans For Peace Show!
A    Turkey killing  Christians will make  NATO very much loved in the West &amp; East Congrats for your policies: @ _…
When your  Veteran is struggling remember what he stood for  Iraq  Afganistan  
CC:  
ISIS cyber-attackers may hire help from dark web 
100s of 1000s of  Kurdish civilians march in the Syrian city of  Afrin today to protest the invasion by  Tur…
Does  Islam need REFORM? It is under Negative Reform. eg. Islamic State  ISIS  Daesh. Makes me question, are we seeing the demise of Islam? 
People who are opposing Ram temple at Janmabhoomi in Ayodhya &amp; want to build Babri mosque should go to Pakistan &amp;…   
The enemy is the occupiers,  Iran  Iraq  Syria, and  Turkey and anyone helping and suppo ing them.…   
The enemy is the occupiers,  Iran  Iraq  Syria, and  Turkey and anyone helping and suppo ing them. 
Trudeau paid  ISIS vet more than Canadian military vet. Why??  
arrest John Kerry. He's a traitor.  
UNIraq:  Iraq: New bridge opens in Yathrib, sub-district of Salah al-Din, serving over 70,000 people. The bridge…   
UNHCRIraq: Two water purification units installed by UNHCRIraq and  SHR in  AbuGhraib district,  Baghdad provide…   
UNICEFiraq:   4 days after we escaped the 2nd time, we looped back to find our lost children. We found their bodi…   
arrest John Kerry. He's a traitor.  
After one day talking on  NL priorities for  Iraq incl Kurdistan region with full fledged team  , back via rainy NL… 
MT    SecDef speaks with members of the press at the  Pentagon. Transcript at    
70% of displaced Iraqis in Kirkuk province have returned to their homes.  ISIS  Iraq   lRB
9/2: public event 'Issues and challenges in  Iraq after Islamic State' with Iraqi deputy-minister of foreign affair…  
Nice to see   is involved and thinking of the issues of  KRG in  Iraq. ...Just don't understand the issue o…  
Did Aussies Really Vote for These Sociopaths?   auspol  sydney  melbourne  canberra  kabul  afghanistan  iraq…  
Gunston Street Comics . Available on Amazon.  detroit  books  newbooks  trending books  comics  Humor  veteran…  
Traitors stick together, no surprise there then    Corbyn  Labour  SinnFein  ISIS  IRA  terroristsympathisers 🐍🐍 
Isis training camps in  America. Looks like Obama sanctioned them   
…
Talabani about  Kirkuk, how the betrayal happened.  KRG  Kurdistan  KDP  PUK  Peshmerga  YPG  TwitterKurds  Afrin…   
BREAKING!  ZACH:  MS13 =  ISIS  Obama  FootSlaves  GITMO  TRUMPinBunker  EnemyCombatant    SUPERBOWL,  VEGAS TIES,  … 
9/2: public event 'Issues and challenges in  Iraq after Islamic State' with Iraqi deputy-minister of foreign affairs Mr…
There are no differences between the  ISIS  Fascist and the  Turkey  FSA  Fascist  Afrin  Syria  YPJ  YPG  SDF  
Traitors stick together, no surprise there then    Corbyn  Labour  SinnFein  ISIS  IRA  terrorists… 
The Kurdish women who helped defeat  ISIS in  Raqqa .  YPJ  YPG  Twitterkurds    
These brave Kurdish female fighters of  YPJ were key in taking back  Raqqa from  ISIS .       YPG  SDF  Kur…
ISIS publishes photos of the  executions it carried out on two Palestinian refugees in  Yarmouk camp…  
Their lifeline is intact. How could we even think that it would be finished?  ISIS  
Israel Attack Jihadists in  Sinai for more than 2 Years now, with  Egypt consent, after Cairo failed to stop  ISIS…   
This January, the  British cou s saw 18-year-old Ahmed Hassan Mohammed Ali. Born in  Iraq, he came to the UK illegally… 
A Muslim is a Terrorist without a gun and A Jehadi is a Terrorist with a gun.
IslamicState  bomb  refugeecrisis Knowledge is power site:Brit  MPs deslike attack on Syria    
Some of my  Yazidi friends who fled  ISIS in  Iraq and who are now living in…  
Islamic State weapons traced to US and Saudi Ar    aljazeera  islamicstate  pentagon  saudiarabia  worldmilitarynews
It was meeeeeee! Hillary Clinton's secret  Libya brag sheet -- before  ISIS moved in   (fixed) https:/…
Talabani about  Kirkuk, how the betrayal happened.  KRG  Kurdistan  KDP  PUK  Peshmerga  YPG  TwitterKurds  Afrin  Iraq… 
It was meeeeeee! Hillary Clinton's secret  Libya brag sheet -- before  ISIS moved in (link:    
ISIS is really not the worst problem in  Libya -- see grotesque attack by armed groups on mosque in  Benghazi kills at lea…
FullOfShiff  RELEASETHENEXTMEMO  RemoveSchiff
No h-East  Hama :  SAA free Judaydah + Samiriyah from  Daesh v    
Amtrak focused on  BLM and keeping  ISIS going not  Amtrak . Isn't it strange  DonaldTrump go…  
ISIS Attacks Oil Fields in Eastern  Libya
VERY VERY IMPO ANT FOR PEOPLE TO KNOW.. LETS GET IT  
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
No h-East  Hama :  SAA free Judaydah + Samiriyah from  Daesh v    
Iran, Azerbaijan, Russia Discuss Launching Astara-Moscow Railway  Iran  Iraq  Syria 
If  NobelPeacePrize is nominated by people like   who was a major spokesman for intervention in  Iraq ba…  
In the evening of Thursday September 8th 622, (26th of Safar in the 1st year of the Hijrah), the Prophet Peace be upon… 
Maybe not delusional, but just moving all  Turkey's  FSA  Jihadist  AlQaeda and  ISIS factions over to the few c… 
Fillipino president tells  ISIS he can be 50 times more Brutal? What’s your take  
What about Turkish Alqaida jihadists? Is it not time to bomb them now when we got rid of
We are accepting  clients  investors  hnwi  pensioners to  invest in our  forex  managed  accounts…  
If this is the case, then why isnt the  US who now have…   
Good for him, fight fire with fire.   
For years has OIC
HELL NATION    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Jihad  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan
_stock7    …  
Iraq signs contract with IATA to collect airspace transit tolls  iraq  
The Cipher Brief:  ISIS still has strong presence in  Libya    
Egypt’s army spokesperson strongly denies   a icle which claimed( with no proof or known sources) that Isr…  
_stock7  …
Israel Attack Jihadists in  Sinai for more than 2 Years now, with  Egypt consent, after Cairo failed to stop  ISIS linked… 
BBC frames yesterday's  Benghazi bombing as   shocking,   but we've been warning about potential for renewed  ISIS and  … 
SOHR On two different charges,  ISIS beheaded 2 persons after executing them in the capital  Damascus   
Iraq Daily Roundup: Yazidi Mass Grave Found near Sinjar; 72 Killed in Iraq
JustinTrudeau has to prove his   total   loyalty to  ISIS first. He's well on his way. Thank you for your thoughts…   
focus to  Iraq the  US moves on  Baghdad.. The  USA military has used pa  of the  Doha Airpo  as a logistics hub…  
While I was walking the bridge back home. The two sides of Mosul with River Tigris in between. Two sides, two absolutely di… 
ISIS Establishes a Series of Checkpoints in Libya   PS  politics  no hafrica  libya  isis  
The 3/11 quake was the combination of Three Consecutive Man-made Quakes triggered by NUCLEAR WEAPONS. 【…  
…  
Italian Mob Peddling Pills to  ISIS  
Due to the presence of about 400  ISIS jihadists along Algeria border with both Tunisia and Libya, Algeria has put it's… 
SuperBowl  SuperBowlSunday ~  StrongFo ruth  coffee
SuperBowl  SuperBowlSunday ~  StrongFo ruth  coffee
Great point. Increasing renewable energy decreases dependence on ME oil &amp; pulls ISIS’ teeth.  climatechange  ISIS  
TarekFatah: 473  Turkish soldiers and its  AlQaeda allies killed by  Kurdish defenders in  Afrin in one week  
Exactly.  
TarekFatah: 473  Turkish soldiers and its  AlQaeda allies killed by  Kurdish defenders in  Afrin in one week  
How Does Islamic State Activity Differ From Other Groups? Excellent  infographic  dataviz and  summary at…  
Watch True Concept of Imam Mehdi vs  Wahhabi Fallacy  YounusAlGohar Wahhabism…  
…
isis faction of the army  
An  Absolute  MustRead for  Anyone  Interested in  alshabaab and  bokoharam   lmhEdmB
I find it very interesting at  ISIS has repo edly run out of money and that   is no…  
“George W. Bush Is The Worst President In Modern U.S. History” by  Politics…  
I have a request with great concern for  IranianProtests can you please make sure that  American…
Van driver Luqman Aslam who mounted pavement in revenge attack has sentence cut on appeal. Compare with Darren Osbo…  
Riveting!!!
Iraqi lawmaker Abbas Bayati on Sunday said the Prime Minister of the Kurdistan Region,  , would meet with his Iraq… 
Since   took office,  ISIS has lost nearly 100 percent of the territory it once controlled in Iraq and Syria.  SOTU 
Sway with me ♥️
An  Absolute  MustRead for  Anyone  Interested in  alshabaab and  bokoharam   lmhEdmB
Syria | Calling themselves the ' FSA', most al- Qaeda/ ISIS factions are now united under the leadership of 'Caliph'  E… 
Italian  Mob Peddling Pills to  ISIS...  
Italian  Mob Peddling Pills to  ISIS...  
Italian  Mob Peddling Pills to  ISIS...  
Thrilling!!!
Iran: the Erotic Republic (straight take)  IranProtests  Sexuality…  
.Very interesting..  TRUMP/Pence 2020  
TRUMP -  LawAndOrder  POTUS rock'n boat after  FBI negligence  rap
USA – the Ally of “Moderate” Terrorists.   ISIS  FSA  alNusra
Iran: the Erotic Republic (straight take)  IranProtests  Sexuality  IslamicState…
Welcome back! Winter has been illusive in KRI this year.  
A few members of Turkish occupier army killed by Kurdish security forces ( YPG/SDF) while trying to occupy Kurdish…  
Iraq rejects Turkish military 'intervention' in Afrin, FM [Rûdaw] 
Its a new  MiddleEast! Israeli drones, helicopters and jets have carried out more than 100 airstrikes in 2 years again… 
ISIS released pictures claiming to show clashes with PKK=YPG=SDF killing 13 troops near  old mosque in  Raqqa with AT…
TERROR NATION    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Jihad  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan
TRUMP -  LawAndOrder  POTUS rock'n boat after  FBI negligence  rap
Electrifying!!!
So, tell me again why we are still in Afghanistan and Iraq? we've spent Trillions of dollars killed thousands of ou…   
Auto post blog for  WordPress.com, it's FREE!   | RSS Feed | Blogs id…   
BREAKING: Turkey ,Al-Qaeda &amp; isis unified operation room to counter  Kurds in Afrin,meeting took place in  Idlib, par… 
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaig…  
Today Wahabi  Saudi terrorist leader of  AlQaeda   HTS Abdullah al-Muhaysini describes how his terrorists used MANP…  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
conve  pa ial rss to FULL RSS!  BlogTool  WP | Wordpress blog | H…  
Iraq | More than 11 million people in need of humanitarian aid and 3 million currently displaced from their homes.…  
A few members of Turkish occupier army killed by Kurdish security forces ( YPG/SDF) while trying to occupy Kurdish villages…
No next generation for all those lost souls who perished thanks to you.…  
Iraq | More than 11 million people in need of humanitarian aid and 3 million currently displaced from their homes. Here's how…
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are comm…  
…  
Your friend ISIS already sucks, from the army of  Syria.And these chocks will suck.…   
YPG &amp;  YPJ, the brave men &amp; women who fought  ISIS now fight  Daeshbags again. These fresh new  jihadi losers now wear Tur… 
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaig…  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
Today Wahabi  Saudi terrorist leader of  AlQaeda   HTS Abdullah al-Muhaysini describes how his terrorists used MANPADS to…
…
Central Bank of  Iraq - This is the crap the so called   Rebels   in  Libya and  Syria Fights For: A Central Bank und…   
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
The TRUTH Will BLOW YOU AWAY!
Crude oil prices (February 3)
Tender for Supplying of Three High Tension Motor for Cement crushing and raw materials
The TRUTH About Islamic Extremism!
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
IRGC Commander: Collapse of US, Israeli, Saudi Regimes Imminent  Iran  Iraq  Syria 
A few members of Turkish occupier army killed by Kurdish security forces ( YPG/SDF) while trying to occupy Kurdish…  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... t…  
Iraq to launch security operation against White Banners group, but who are they…    iraq  news 
Iraq lists 60 most-wanted jihadists and Baathists - Daily Mail    iraq  news
Iraq Daily Roundup: Yazidi Mass Grave Found near Sinjar; 72 Killed in Iraq
Iraq lists 60 most-wanted jihadists and Baathists - Daily Mail    iraq  news
A few members of Turkish occupier army killed by Kurdish security forces ( YPG/SDF) while trying to occupy Kurdish villages o…
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed.…  
Daesh leader killed: Abu Sayyaf, in charge of  Daesh black market oil sales, killed in raid - TomoNews   
THIS. IS. OPPRESSION.  Bahrain    
.  looks at 16 years of presidents talking about the war in  Afghanistan   … And we c…  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaig…  
Israeli expe : ISIS's goal is not to harm Israel
He sta  reconciliation with buses out of areas for rebels not fight to the death! NOT asking the Russia to carpet…  
+18
Lol, Tarek Fatah high on weed!   
And the worid leaders stay silent as the ppl throughout the world make their voices heard loud an clear So much for…  
Eye-opening!!!  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
Daesh Defeat in Iraq and Syria Means Beginning of the End for Saudi Arabia and Israel
Who is waging war against humanity.....slaughtering innocent people in the name of some hokusp…  
Nearly one third of the population.  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The camp…  
No h Korea accuses US of driving world into Nuclear War
Nearly one third of the population.  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the…  
He sta  reconciliation with buses out of areas for rebels not fight to the death! NOT asking the Russia to carpet bomb…
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
This model is probably a representation of a boat used to navigate the reed marshes of southern  Iraq.…  
Christians of Middle East dont want Christmas trees pics &amp; beaches, they want EQUAL RIGHTS in  Syria  Iraq  Egypt!…   
Pro-government forces have repo edly sta ed operations against the  ISIS pocket in  Hama -  Syria  
Group linked to  Syria former  AlQaeda branch says it shot down Russian jet  
Video In 1990 illustrates  ISIS is 3Israeli secret service intelligence  
Christians of Middle East dont want Christmas trees pics &amp; beaches, they want EQUAL RIGHTS in  Syria  Iraq  Egypt!! Th… 
Iran, Philippines Discuss Ways to Broaden Economic Ties  Iran  Syria  Iraq 
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda  Al…
The  Afghans should ask their government why it's blaming  Pakistan when the  KabulAttack was the work of  ISIS…  
Naive Western see a Christmas pic in  Syria but DISREGARD THE ISLAMIC CONSTITUTION OF  Assad!! What is the average…  
It is well planned. The  USA sells  MANPADS to  SaudiArabia who smuggle them to the   moderate rebels  …   
Literary cafes,  poetry  readings and pavement  bookstalls -  Mosul's  cultural scene is back in business, months…   

Obama is gone, the funding of ISIS is gone. Obama created Isis-Trump is making it disappear! No Coincidence. But it…   
Stupid Is As Stupid Does!
The  Afghans should ask their government why it's blaming  Pakistan when the  KabulAttack was the work of  ISIS...  
This model is probably a representation of a boat used to navigate the reed marshes of southern  Iraq.
Iraq boycotts regional  basketball tournament over snub 
Do you need Eye Catching Brand Identity Logo for your Business?
Spirituality: The Core of All  Religions Islam  Judaism  Christianity  Wahhabism  ISIS  IS  …
.  are committed to suppo ing  IraqStabilization - contributing an additional $75m to  , allowing Iraqis aff… 
…  
Iraq to launch security operation against White Banners group, but who are they? 
Let's stand united against  Daesh ( ISIL) and stop the spread of its vicious propaganda.
My Dad came over from Italy in 1956 @ 12y/o.  He couldn't speak English &amp; they put him in Gr 3 (No ESL cl…  
histori…  
Iraq to launch security operation against White Banners group, but who are they? 
alQaeda's released a new women's magazine in the Middle East, telling women to stop joining  jihad and be...   
Great to see what  Peace and  cooperation can do for  Israel,  Egypt, and the world as they fight side by side to d…   
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
The Moment  African nations turn to  Jihadis or  ISIS to stand against  French  American  British tyranny, then…   
alQaeda's released a new women's magazine in the Middle East, telling women to stop joining  jihad and be stay-at-…   
Great to see what  Peace and  cooperation can do for  Israel,  Egypt, and the world as they fight side…   
FSA groups arrested 21 Daesh members in Mare in Aleppo. The Daesh members were all Iraqis and they all had the Iraq…  
Great to see what  Peace and  cooperation can do for  Israel,  Egypt, and the world as they fight side b…   

Iraq - A Museum Documenting The Educational Process In Erbil
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi Jewish Citizen; Could this be true?  isis  terrorism  
Buy your tickets to the DAH 35th Annual Banquet in March!
Afghan intelligence chief says  Russia and  Iran help the  Taliban [...] to fight  ISIS [...] but the Taliban...  
Afghan intelligence chief says  Russia and  Iran help the  Taliban [...] to fight  ISIS [...] but the Taliban play…  
Traffic generator, drive real human traffic to your website or blog!    a icle  SeoMarketing…   
ISIS will never end as long as   Europe and  US suppo  tyrants in the middle east and keep makin…  
Fallujah[a] (Arabic:  الفلوجة , al-Fallūjah  Iraq|i pronunciation: [el.fɐl.ˈluː.dʒɐ]) is a city in the Iraqi provi…   
That bitchin   
He shared a prison cell with  ISIS fighters. Now he's sharing the story:    VOMRadio
Mustafa   found Jesus while he was fighting  ISIS. Will you  pray for him? More info:   
Big question!!
A Free Iran: Maryam Rajavi’s 10-point-plan   via  
What a$$hats write.  Resistance  Resist  
Iran Regime’s Military Official Admits to Leading Role of the Mek / Pmoi in Recent Uprisings…  
Daesh’s links with  OrganisedCrime: from  drugs to  counterfeiting
FSA groups arrested 21 Daesh members in Mare in Aleppo. The Daesh members were all Iraqis and they all had the Iraqi nat…
NCRI Women’s Committee urges censure of the arrests of Iranian women for shunning the veil and calls for urgent act…  
Crude oil prices (February 3)
Repo s that an agreement over the presence of Turkish forces in no hern  Iraq has been reached.  Turkey apparently fai…
Taliban exposed in great details by Younus AlGohar   Videos mostly in  Urdu some with  English subtit…
ISIS  Taliban  BokoHaram  AlShabab  AlQaeda  AlNusrah  HTS  Terrorism will reach unprecedented levels that world will be…
ISIS  Taliban  BokoHaram  AlShabab  AlQaeda  AlNusrah  HTS  Terrorism will reach unprecedented levels that world will be…
ISIS  Taliban  BokoHaram  AlShabab  AlQaeda  AlNusrah  HTS  Terrorism will reach unprecedented levels that world will be c…
ISIS  Taliban  BokoHaram  AlShabab  AlQaeda  AlNusrah  HTS  Terrorism will reach unprecedented levels that world will…
ISIS acounts  OpISIS  Daesh Targets
Aaj Ke Musalman Ki Soch: Aik Jaiza | By  YounusAlGohar    (Mentality of today's  Muslims in  Urdu…
Taliban exposed in great details by Younus AlGohar   Videos mostly in  Urdu some with  English subt…
Imam Mehdi Will NOT Carry Out  Genocide By  YounusAlGohar ImamMahdi  JesusChrist  Christiani…
ISIS  Taliban  BokoHaram  AlShabab  AlQaeda  AlNusrah  HTS  Terrorism will reach unprecedented levels that world will be…
ISIS  Taliban  BokoHaram  AlShabab  AlQaeda  AlNusrah  HTS  Terrorism will reach unprecedented levels that world will b…
ISIS  Taliban  BokoHaram  AlShabab  AlQaeda  AlNusrah  HTS  Terrorism will reach unprecedented levels that world will be…
Meanwhile  AlQaeda has launched a women’s magazine called بيتك Beituk, which is Arabic for ‘Your Home’, telling wom…   
ISIS acounts  OpISIS  Daesh Targets
“Speak to him strongly and directly; don’t be afraid.”
ISIS’s  War on  Families Never Ended: The  IslamicState's campaign for the hea s and minds of  Syrian  children m…  
Hi  =  This PR, it’s a  humanity &amp;  Justice case  thaarjustice  HRW  BBC cnnirepo   GoThere  Guardian  cnn  foxnews  itv… 
Spirituality: The Core of All  Religions Islam  Judaism  Christianity  Wahhabism  ISIS  IS  IS…
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda  AlNusra…
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda  Al…
Spirituality: The Core of All  Religions Islam  Judaism  Christianity  Wahhabism  ISIS  IS  ISIL…
It’s not about  Afghanistan or   wanting peace, he is a tool in the  ’s master plan. 
Spirituality: The Core of All  Religions Islam  Judaism  Christianity  Wahhabism  ISIS  IS  ISI…
Spirituality: The Core of All  Religions Islam  Judaism  Christianity  Wahhabism  ISIS  IS…
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda  AlNus…
Spirituality: The Core of All  Religions Islam  Judaism  Christianity  Wahhabism  ISIS  IS  ISIL…
Imam Mehdi Will NOT Carry Out  Genocide By  YounusAlGohar ImamMahdi  JesusChrist  Christianity…
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda  AlNusr…
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda  AlNu…
Spirituality: The Core of All  Religions Islam  Judaism  Christianity  Wahhabism  ISIS  IS  ISI…
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda  AlNusra…
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda  A…
Great effo , excelent investigative job from this two ladies exposing  Syria  SAA  AlQaeda  ISIS civil war   
OP-ED: Baria Alamuddin writes on why the world should be worried about the outcomes of upcoming elections in  Iraq…  
Here are seven significant events to define hijrah:
【vs  ISIS 】  France ⇨Good  Russia ⇨Good  America ⇨oh...  
Here are seven significant events to define hijrah:
Hadithoftheday   Here are seven significant events to define hijrah: 
Iraq Condemns Turkey's Attacks in Afrin, Syria  Iraq  bhive   H3HQTF0p 
WHY  USA INVADED  IRAQ
Iraqi forces launch operation to purge the remaining pockets of  Daesh terrorists from the dese s of western  Anbar province…
Boycott Crazies    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
Turkey under the rule of  Erdogan has become an  IslamicState taking ground not belonging to them. If not stopped…  
SAA Temporarily Halts Operations In  Idlib, Intensifies Effo s Against  ISIS Pocket In No heastern  Hama 
Election Day?
And the BAT SHIT CRAZY  DonaldTrump SUPPO ER OF THE DAY goes to this imbecile! His head is stuck so far up Trump's…  
.  is hiring  PhysicalTherapy and  Rehabilitation Specialist in  Baghdad  Iraq
Recent Poll Shows Iranian People Prefer Resistance against Excessive Demands for Concessions  Iran  Iraq  Syria
Another Mass Grave Of Isil Victims Discovered In  Iraq  Security    
👇👇👇👏👏👏👇👇👇
What Moderate Muslims Believe
They killed civilians then clean after them! Great job!  
ICYMI - figures this week from   show that over 50%of people displaced by  Daesh, and operations to defeat them, hav… 
HELL NATION    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Jihad  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan
Concerning: Thousands of  ISIS Fighters Flee in  Syria, Many to Fight Another Day   
SOHR Violent and ongoing clashes result in new advancement by the regime forces at the expense of  ISIS organizati…  
PM of  Kurdistan Region Nechirvan Barzani said Sunday during a meeting with the head of the  UN mission in  Iraq Jan Kubis…
The   SecurityCouncil should address the legal issues pe aining 2  ISIS: Crimes, detainees, hostages, citizens p…   
IRAQ |  Iraqi_security services lists 60 most-wanted  terrorists and  Baathists
third pa y providers of MANPADS to Islamist Terrorists need to be sanctioned and/or prosecuted!  AmericaFirst…  
Repo s :  United_Arab_Emirates increased its arms impo s by 63% between 2012 and 2016. Other  Gulf_States decided substan…
The   SecurityCouncil should address the legal issues pe aining 2  ISIS: Crimes, detainees, hostages, citizens prope y… 
child beheaders r back. now with turkish fascists in afrin  turkey  nato  syria  germany  
ISIS-inspired terrorists were roiling no hern  Egypt.  Israel flew in—literally—to save the day: …  
Thanks to  UK &amp;   effo s,  Daesh has lost 98%+ of the territory it once occupied in  Iraq &amp;  Syria   
President Buhari of Nigeria has the second worst record of Mass Murder against Shia Muslims after  ISIS terrorists:…  
TheoryQ   Stories via    isis  syria
The latest  Iraq Solidarity  Manchester Newsletter!    iraq  news
Simple thing we all need to do
Afrinresists
13 baptisms were held in the  Chaldean  Christian town of  Teleskuf,  Iraq, for the first time since it was liberated… 
YounusAlGohar Explains The True Concept of Imam Mehdi ImamMehdi  ImamMahdi  JesusChrist…  
Iran’s defense minister says U.S. trying to transfer  Daesh to  Afghanistan
Meanwhile  AlQaeda has launched a women’s magazine called بيتك Beituk, which is Arabic for ‘Your Home’, telling women how… 
UKagainstDaesh   Thanks to  UK &amp; coalition effo s,  Daesh has lost 98%+ of the territory it once occupied in…   
OP-ED: Baria Alamuddin writes on why the world should be worried about the outcomes of upcoming elections in  Iraq and  Leba…
The Turkish Dams are being presented as a controversy because Egypt is concerned about the Ethiopian R…  
New_York_Times Thousands of ISIS Fighters Flee in Syria, Many to Fight Another Day    Iraq 
In areas liberated from  Daesh the great stabilization work by   can continue and scale up thanks to rece…  
PMF militias forcibly displaced at least 235 families suspected to have ties with  ISIS,   said on Sunday.  Iraq 
Iran’s defense minister says U.S. trying to transfer  Daesh to  Afghanistan
A very impo ant message for international community plz read &amp;  share  ISIS  IS  ISIL…  
The scoop that isn't: the   secret   that  Israel actively helped  Egypt fight off  IslamicState in the  Sinai. Unmarked I… 
Thousands of  ISIS Fighters Flee in  Syria, Many to Fight Another Day  Turkey 
Thousands of  ISIS Fighters Flee in  Syria, Many to Fight Another Day  Turkey 
yes  US policy speak a lie 100 times so the people believe it a undeniable truth…  
This is  Syrian town of  Afrin bodering Turkey. Man in the posters/billboards is a jailed terrorist leader captured…  
PMF militias forcibly displaced at least 235 families suspected to have ties with  ISIS,   said on Sunday.  Iraq 
Is  Islam A  Religion Of Peace? Quran  Muhammad  Wahhabi  Ahmadiyya  ReligionOfPeace…  
The victims are only innocent children, who were born Kurds. It's another act of Turkish brutality   
Just like funding for Iran and look at their problems now  
Proud ISIS killers enjoy to KILL and promote their KILLINGS .. Trudeau sides with EVIL!…  
Book culture returns to Iraq’s post-ISIS Mosul   via  . We need to see much more…  
Muslim who beat and kicked his 9-year-old daughter to death would “recite the Quran during the night”…  
Make money while you sleep with AUTOMATIC blog!    SeoTool | Keywords idea | Marketing Automa…  
High performance FULL RSS generator    domain | Automatic Blog | SEO…  
Uighurs Are  Unique
THE QURAN IS A BOOK OF HATE BECAUSE IT CONDEMNS ALL WHO ARE NOT FOLLOWERS OF A MYTH CALLED ALLAH ! SHARIA LAW ENDORS…
This is  Syrian town of  Afrin bodering Turkey. Man in the posters/billboards is a jailed terrorist leader captured w/ the he…
Remember that  Yazidi live also in  Afrin and the KemaloIslamic(Grey wolves fight side by side with Turkish Hezbolla islami…
It does seem US is shifting to friendlier posture toward  Kurdistan Region! Big problem now is Abadi foot-dragging.…  
Book Review: Frankenstein in Baghdad by Ahmed Saadawi, translation by Jonathan Wright    Books  Fiction…   
Uighurs Are  Unique
Shocking ..  
Turkish officials were outraged (?)when a U.S. spokesman said the coalition fighting  ISIS would create a force wit…  
: Botin Kurdistani:  BREAKING Turkish army is bombing the schools in Raju district in Afrin Canton in No h syria…  
Iraqi published the names of 60 people wanted on suspicion of belonging to the Islamic State group, Al-Qaeda or the…   
oNatta: In areas liberated from  Daesh the great stabilization work by   can continue and scale up thanks to recent con…
One of my favorite images from  Iraq's victory against  ISIS. A photo that'll set Takfiri souls on fire. Shi'a &amp; Su…  
: Botin Kurdistani: Dozens of civilians including 9 year old   Arhat Ahmad Aliko   killed by Turkish airstrikes in…   
Tender for Construction of an airstrip in Basra refinery
Turkey under the rule of  Erdogan has become an  IslamicState taking ground not belonging to them. If not stopped soon…
Sultan Al Qassemi: Taking a 'Warrior’s Break'  Iraq  a   DiaAzzawi  
afrin  efrin  twitterkurds  OliveBranch  pyd  ypg  NYTimes   HappyValentinesDay  Stop terror in middle east stop…  
…
LISTEN up folks .OUTSIDE of Israel WE have a chance to suppo  the only NON Arab western oriented Muslims in Mid Ea…  
RED ALE  - Be educated on the threat possibilities  
It's interesting that Turkey was rather silent when  ISIS destroyed a whole bunch of turkish tanks…  
WILL U.S. FIGHT TURKEY? AMERICAN SOLDIERS WILL NOT LEAVE CITY ABOUT TO BE ATTACKED, SAYS TOP GENERAL 
What was economic life like under the Islamic State?
Kurds in N. Syria are the victim of proxy  War
It does seem US is shifting to friendlier posture toward  Kurdistan Region! Big problem now is Abadi foot-dragging. Perh…
DemocratsHateAmerica They have ALWAYS covered up truth!
The latest  Iraq Solidarity  London Newsletter!    iraq  news
A female medical student was planning an  ISIS suicide attack on Easter in Pakistan  TrumpTrain  
Amtrak  DonaldTrump will do a better job than  BarackObama in getting  infrastructure resuscitated.   Obama never b…  
Will No h Korea be the next  Iraq for the US?  DPRK  TrumpRegime  Militarism  Imperia…
Can't trust the pa y that dragged us into two conflicts in the middle east, neither of which we've rea…   
President Buhari of Nigeria has the second worst record of Mass Murder against Shia Muslims after  ISIS terrorists:  
Look at this photo, these guys were friends. Left one killed by  PKK, right one killed by  ISIS According to wester…   
Iraq prepares for fresh anti  ISIL push   via  
Look at this photo, these guys were friends. Left one killed by  PKK, right one killed by  ISIS According to western people… 
☀️Children of the Sun
1000s of Guns funneled into  Mexico via  FastAndFurious were also Sold to  Hezbollah &amp;  ISIS to Fuel the Wars in  Syria  Ira…
WILL U.S. FIGHT TURKEY? AMERICAN SOLDIERS WILL NOT LEAVE CITY ABOUT TO BE ATTACKED, SAYS TOP GENERAL 
PR No.06287: oops!
☀️Children of the Sun
AfrinOperation
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
When you are making a bragging video, and an  American drone takes you out... 
The  Democrats , increased  wages, increased  employment,  BlackUnemployment ,   ISIS,  God,  AmericanFlag,…   
Ahead of the upcoming  Iraq reconstruction conference in  Kuwait, FRB has analysed a leaked government  reconstruction repo . F… 
Iran: Trump Pursuing Dangerous Nuclear Policies  Iran  Iraq  Syria
AfrinOperation
What are these  ISIS  refugees doing?  Kinda freaky! No women allowed I see.   ShariaLaw ? SaturdayMorning  Brexit  MAGA  T…
Thousands of  ISIS Fighters Flee in  Syria, Many to Fight Another Day    Turkey 
Musings This Day In Iraqi History - Feb 4    Iraq
Secret Alliance:  Israel Carries Out Airstrikes in  Egypt, With Cairo’s O.K.  Sinai  ISIS   
AlQaeda’s chick-lit: HOW TO PLEASE YOUR HOLY WARRIOR.   History_of_Islam is full of  Strong_women working to encourage  …
Iraq issues a  terror list of the 60 ‘most wanted’ people involved in terrorism in the country ||…  
Iran’s links with al-Qaeda, reality defies conventional wisdom   
Is U.S.-Turkey relationship weakened over Kurdish conflict? It’s not due to Kurdish issue, it’s disagreement on the…   
VIDEO: Muslim attempts to kill Jewish family in car ramming in Belgium: It's open season on Jews in Europe, again,…   
It's open season on Jews in Europe, again, a direct result of the hijrah (immigration jihad) into Europe. This over…   
It's open season on Jews in Europe, again, a direct result of the hijrah (immigration jihad) into Europe. This over…   
: VIDEO: Muslim attempts to kill Jewish family in car ramming in Belgium: It's open season on Jews in Europe, aga…   
ISIS and Iran: The new axis of power  
Musings On  Iraq This Day In Iraqi History - Feb 3  
Iraq lists 60 most-wanted jihadists and Baathists - Daily Mail    iraq  news
Iraq lists 60 most-wanted jihadists and Baathists - Daily Mail    iraq  news
Musings On  Iraq This Day In Iraqi History - Feb 4  
Disturbing New  Daesh Video: Buying and Selling Female Sex Slaves  
Musings On  Iraq Iraq History Timelines  
US regime's desperate new plan of harvesting terror in  Afghanistan via  Daesh becomes evident with recent blasts…  
VIDEO: Muslim attempts to kill Jewish family in car ramming in Belgium: It's open season on Jews in Europe, again, a direc… 
Is  Islam A  Religion Of Peace? Quran  Muhammad  Wahhabi  Ahmadiyya  ReligionOfPeace…  
ISIS Attacks Oil Fields in Eastern Libya  
Just  today  Assad  Russia killed 15 civilians including children in  Idlib,  Israel killed&amp;injured 20…   
Iraq Arrests  ISIS Oil Chief Near Syrian Border  Trump  
VIDEO: Muslim attempts to kill Jewish family in car ramming in Belgium    Islam  Islamic  Hijrah
Yes   made a very powerful criticism of  ISIS Baghdadi also. He called him a dog. Correctly  
Islamic State militants' bombs kill Philippine soldier, wound civilians    afp  islamicstate  worldmilitarynews 
Shame on those westerners who suppo ed a fanatic barbaric mullah to establish the first ever  IslamicSta…
Thousands of  ISIS Fighters Flee in  Syria, Many to Fight Another Day    terrorism  Europe 
KeralaLeads in   ISIS recruitment
This is a bipa isan concern. I'm a democrat, many fighting with me are republicans. 
Joan Rivers said Michele is a Tranny what's that under your dress? no wonder the push for unisex bathrooms!  
Yes   made a very powerful criticism of  ISIS Baghdadi also. He called him a dog. Correctly  
This jobless muslim man sold his wife to  ISIS for money now these Bhakts are going to blame Islam a…  
It's open season on Jews in Europe, again, a direct result of the hijrah (immigration jihad) into Europe. This ove  and vi… 
Iraq lists 60 most-wanted jihadists and  Baathists   via  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
Why Are Trump's Troops  Training   isis  Terrorists?  DonaldTrump   Predator  terrorist  imperialism    crime…  
The United States needs to stop providing credit overseas, period. Wall Street funds our enemies including  Russia,…   
For decades Iraqi women enjoyed a degree of freedom in education, commerce and the a s. Two students at Baghdad Un…   
On this Thanksgiving Day I remember my friend, American journalist James Foley, who was kidnapped in  Syria on Thanksgivi… 
TRUE HISTORY    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Jihad  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan
Why Are Trump's Troops  Training   isis  Terrorists?  DonaldTrump   Predator  terrorist  imperialism  …  
conve  sho  rss to FULL CONTENT  RSS!  blogspot  InternetJob | On…  
Once again, an attack that was po rayed by officials as “inspired” by the Islamic State with little connective tis…   
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
The relations of  Erdogan and his family with radical terrorist groups, especially with  ISIS, are expressed at the inte… 
Sure but did you see the condemnation from the moderate muslums.    Me either  
Saddam Hussein's eldest daughter is on  Iraq's most-wanted list -
Turkey Cautions US Troops Against Being Targeted in Syria
Daesh oilfield exclusive footage: Inside refinery captured by Kurdish militia from  ISIS  
A MINI THREAD: What would be the impact of  Turkey's changing axis from  NATO towards  Russia,  Iran? How would  's… 
Tyrant  erdogan
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed…  
This brief reprieve is apparently over. Repo s of multiple airstrikes on  Idlib now  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
Dont let this be repeated in  Afrin, by  Turkey and her Extreme Jihadists  TFSA aka  ISIS2   
This brief reprieve is apparently over. Repo s of multiple airstrikes on  Idlib now  
Perhaps European DMV's need to include a section in their training manuals on not running over people.  
Attack of Melon
Iraq prepares for fresh anti  ISIL push   via  
At one month old, Sahar's family tried to escape from  ISIS-held Hawija. But as they fled, a landmine exploded, bli…   
VIDEO: Muslim attempts to kill Jewish family in car ramming in Belgium: It's open season on Jews in Europe, again,…   
In a week where   compared Italian immigrants to  ISIS, dissed  Veterans, and waffled on  KMX - the…   
It's open season on Jews in Europe, again, a direct result of the hijrah (immigration jihad) into Europe. This...   
The terrorist attack in April 2017 by the Muslim man who caused terror and death with his truck was repo ed as a “…  
The terrorist attack in April 2017 by the Muslim man who caused terror and death with his truck was repo ed as a “lone wol…
Is  Islam A  Religion Of Peace? Quran  Muhammad  Wahhabi  Ahmadiyya  ReligionOfPeace…  
The interview with   of   ( Texas) yesterday about my non-profit organization Sons of Libe y Internati…
Netanyahu says will 'defend ourselves' after Sinai airstrikes repo ISIS
Today,  Syrian army captured 3 villages from  ISIS rats. 
Book culture returns to Iraq’s post-ISIS Mosul   via  . We need to see much more of this…
ISIS play the toy Godzilla
: Watch our very special interview with   this Saturday! She will reveal how hundreds of millions of pounds…
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The camp…  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
Boost your sales with AUTOMATED WEB TRAFFIC    HomeJobs…  
YounusAlGohar Explains The True Concept of Imam Mehdi ImamMehdi  ImamMahdi  JesusChrist…  
And THAT'S one to grow on...  
DemocratsHateAmerica They have AL…  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
Jan  2012   We have no gold since 1934   
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
planned in 2007 :
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
But USA army not attacking Turkish Army staying side by side, driving in convoys, with  AlQaeda  ISIS? Shouldn’t…   
France to work with Turkey on Syria 'road map'    ISIS

A very impo ant message for international community plz read &amp;  share  ISIS  IS  ISIL…  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
VIDEO: Muslim attempts to kill Jewish family in car ramming in  Belgium - Geller Repo   Europe  Al-Hijrah…  
DemocratsHateAmerica They have ALWAYS covered up truth!
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
How about u also help those who have worked hard for 5+ years on  Twitter to tackle the  Mentality of these terrori…  
Rest in hell  
Automatic A ICLE GENERATOR online    adsense | Blogging ideas | Content ideas | Viral child…  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The ca…  
A   official on Sunday offered to provide “all forms of suppo  and cooperation” to ensure the continuation of te…  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campa…  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
Russia doing the UN's heavy lifting against  Islamicterrorism  AlQaeda  ISIS  FSA as per usual. Syria  Idlib  
The last battle of the Russian pilot  RuAf against terrorists of  alQaeda in  Idlib.
Dont let this be repeated in  Afrin, by  Turkey and her Extreme Jihadists  TFSA aka  ISIS2   
World peace requires end of US  imperialism and end of  FakeNews   journalism   like yours...  warmonger…   
FastandFurious  OperationCastaway
…  
Greece: Muslim migrant, who asked for protection, arrested for possessing detonators and gas canisters…   
Watch True Concept of Imam Mehdi vs  Wahhabi Fallacy  YounusAlGohar Wahhabism…  
So much for declaring ‘victory over ISIS’...  Iraq  
Iraq prepares for fresh anti  ISIL push
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
A   official on Sunday offered to provide “all forms of suppo  and cooperation” to ensure the continuation of technical…
Thank you to the veterans who volunteered for Sons of Libe y International the past 3 years to train Iraqi Christians to…
A safe refuge for civilians of all creeds, defended by heroes of the campaign against  IslamicState, indiscriminate…   
Recommend watching The House Of Saud: A Family at War BBC iPlayer  Yemen  SaudiArbia  Syria  USA  ISIS
BBC Spoof on  ISIS - one of the funniest videos from last year!
Analyst states  ISIS Video is  fake an manipulated with Green screen; take a look  
Analyst states  ISIS Video is  fake an manipulated with Green screen; take a look  
Ali Majeed Alghaneem using  rover Leica Viva in oil exploration in  Iraq  whenithastoberight  surveylife  survey  HxGN…
In a week where   compared Italian immigrants to  ISIS, dissed  Veterans, and waffled on  KMX - the   cdnmed… 
almonitor Trump radicalizes US Mideast policies    iraq
5 million people in  Baghdad,  Iraq suffer from  water sho ages &amp; outbreaks of water-borne diseases due to inadequate i… 
650  cars burnt on  NewYear's eve in  France -  Radical  Islam needs an Iron fist!  ISIS  religion  war  
A very impo ant message for international community plz read &amp;  share  ISIS  IS  ISIL…  
ISIS is not dead, they're in Tucson arizona 
Terrorism: Is Al-Qaeda preparing for a deadly return?  
The world is facing a dangerous madman who believes he was entrusted by God with leading all Muslims in the world a…  
Daesh now that everyone's beard is on fire.  
The Ruins of the Ancient City of  Hatra  Iraq -  
ISIS told me they're going to traffic the attractive
😂😂😂 . Obummer was a huge suppo er. Since he doesn’t have access to America’s money it is hard to donate.…  
Some the  ISIS recruits from  AllahsOwnCountry have dual membership in PFI  an…  
DemocratsHateAmerica They have ALWAYS covered up truth!
Some of the  ISIS recruits from  AllahsOwnCountry have dual membership in PFI…  
Kenneth Eade-“Unwanted”-Teaching  ISIS a Lesson  Terrorism  pulp  IA G    
But USA army not attacking Turkish Army staying side by side, driving in convoys, with  AlQaeda  ISIS? Shouldn’t  … 
Remains of Saddam Hussein’s “palace” on Gara Mountain in Iraqi Kurdistan.
Can we call a spade spade? The lady has not dressed in any way that matches some official meeting, I actually doubt…   
We Have Two Governments - The Trump Impeachment  No hKorea  JakeJohnson  Iraq  Pentagon    
Why don’t you suppo  Kurdish people who are in Efrin Syria?  
Daesh Claims Responsibility for Paris  Terror  Attack  
Eastern Turkey's High-Volume Bards  PKK  food  Syria  singer  Iraq    
Poetic Justice  Pigs kill  ISIS fighters before they can ambush locals   
oganized_crime  Italy The Italian Mob Is Peddling Pills to  ISIS   via  
The_NewArab Enemies of the state: Iraq publishes list of 60 most-wanted jihadists and Baathists    Iraq
Buried in the ruins of the defunct  ISIS “caliphate” somewhere in  Iraq &amp;  Syria lie the bodies of jihadi fighters from  Trini…

So the question was about  ISIS  and yet he talks about European WW2 refugees???, what…   

Enemies of the state: Iraq publishes list of 60 most-wanted jihadists and Baathists    ISIS
No we must not mention religion as Govt and Europe are trying to hide the facts for our own good.
Obama &amp; Holder’s “Too Big to Jail” Screws MainStreet
The crucial question is who has provided  MANPADs to  TahrirAlSham /  AlQaeda in  Idlib at the time when both Russia and S…
SaddamHussein's eldest daughter named on  Iraq's most-wanted list - SUCH TV  
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
🚩  ISIS
Brave  Canadian  patriot confronts   about the 60  ISIS  terrorists in  Canada and is told   they came unde… 
Popularity of  Iraq’s  Abadi in the Balance ahead of May Elections
God of all the ea h, bring peace to our world, and let  ISIS encounter Jesus, Amen. 
| Refugees admitted to the US from  Syria,  Iraq,  Somalia,  Iran,  Sudan,  Yemen, and...…   
Tender for Rehabilitation of Aluminum Factory
| Refugees admitted to the US from  Syria,  Iraq,  Somalia,  Iran,  Sudan,  Yemen, and...…   
Wow, how fucked up you must be that your enemy is afraid to be captured alive by you!? 
Watch True Concept of Imam Mehdi vs  Wahhabi Fallacy  YounusAlGohar Wahhabism…  
Please, please pay attention to this.  Turkey is dangerous and they are attacking our most valuable allies   
Repo s:  Israel bombed  IslamicState positions in southern  Syria |  
A very impo ant message for international community plz read &amp;  share  ISIS  IS  ISIL…  
The whole islamic world has an  ISIS-problem. And  Israel cannot solve this. It must  be done by muslims themselves.  
StudyIdeas  Islam  IslamicState  Islamophobia Knowledge is power site;Whats the value of abrogated verses in  Koran  
FuckISIS &amp;  Islamophobia  ISIL Goat fucking Savages  LongWarJournal  I_T_S_P  PoliticalLaughs  MiIitaryUSA  
Whoa telling it like it is!
Just asking but is   run by  ISIS? Time to quit giving them and all corporations govt assistance
🚩  ISIS
SYRIA
Thank you, we will defeat  ISIS. 
Whoa telling it like it is!
🚩  ISIS
Criminals. Only criminals!  
Sneaky  Obama weaponized government as revenge against enemies   ( FISAabuse ),   ( VotedProPalestine)&amp;… 
Read   Emily Drumsta's  translation of one of Iraqi poet Yusuf al-Sayigh's famous poems on  …  
What is happening with  ISIS  Taliban  BokoHaram  AlShabab  IslamicState  ISIL  IS  AlQaeda…  
What up in  Afrin?…  
The latest Pauci Electi!   Thanks to on    isil  middleeast
One of my favorite images from  Iraq's victory against  ISIS. A photo that'll set Takfiri souls on fire. Shi'a &amp; Sunni Ir…
🚩  ISIS
Meanwhile   y insiders, while not breaching ethics laws &amp; billing taxpayers half a…   
Now the  PonziPentagon is standing aside to let  Turks,  AlQaeda (!) ex- ISIS fighte…   
Tracing the roots of European terror: What led a young Belgian to become an  ISIS terrorist    
PR No.69187: Hunting Season
Israelis  target  ISIS  fighters in  Egypt as pa  of  cove   counte errorism  pact    
Iraq prepares for fresh anti  ISIL push
PR No.69187: Hunting Season
This young Liberal plant  qanda. Tony Jones on interest Australians dont want to  Iraq in a left wing issue - not t…  
FM Zarif to attend Iraq reconstruction confab in Kuwait   Zarif  Iran  Iraq   
Obama Leaked Intel That Helped  ISIS    …  
Majed El Shafie rescues Yazidi sex slaves from  ISIS  AmericaFirst  
Well, it is a bit curious   
ConservativeByte | Refugees admitted to the US from  Syria,  Iraq,  Somalia,  Iran,  Sudan,  Yemen, and...…   
Obama Leaked Intel That Helped  ISIS  …  
Meanwhile   y insiders, while not breaching ethics laws &amp; billing taxpayers half a mill… 
We never forget this that you  closed your eyes on thi…
Obama Leaked Intel That Helped  ISIS   yBell1000 @…
Obama Leaked Intel That Helped  ISIS    …
The Picture says the word.
The latest The Pakistan Daily!   Thanks to    pakistan  daesh
ConservativeByte | Refugees admitted to the US from  Syria,  Iraq,  Somalia,  Iran,  Sudan,  Yemen, and...…   
True and reflects poorly on free-world.  Kurds fought  ISIS  IslamicState  Daesh on behalf of everyone w/ great suc…   bhTZ9w
We can give peace a chance for once  
Tracing the roots of European terror: What led a young Belgian to become an  ISIS terrorist   via  …
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The campaign of…  
The terrorist organization Hashad Shabi militia arrested the Sunni People's To ure and Massacres
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are comm…  
This is not  Syria,  Iraq,  Somalia or  Lybia.. Nor  ISIS,  AlQaeda or  AlShabab. This is  Greece ( Florina) 70 years… 
Muslims  Islamic  IslamicState
Russian Pilot of the  Su25✈️warjet that was shot down over Syria, died fighting on the ground against  AlNusra Isl…   
Obama Leaked Intel That Helped  ISIS  …  
Shameless  shamelessamerica  isis Knowledge empowers site:India or  Alqueda enemy of Pak    
Kirkuk: Photos of  ISIS presence in the mountains south of  Kirkuk city. Most likely in Hamreen mountain  
Obama Leaked Intel That Helped  ISIS    …
liberals going crazy over Don Cherry  climate change TV comment. Some saying he can't be saying that as he is not…  
What up in  Afrin?  Crimes_against_humanity are committed ... the  massacres are committed. The ca…  
Kirkuk: Photos of  ISIS presence in the mountains south of  Kirkuk city. Most likely in Hamreen mountain  
Read   Emily Drumsta's  translation of one of Iraqi poet Yusuf al-Sayigh's famous poems on    poetry  iraq…
ConservativeByte | Refugees admitted to the US from  Syria,  Iraq,  Somalia,  Iran,  Sudan,  Yemen, and...   
Book Review: Frankenstein in Baghdad by Ahmed Saadawi, translation by Jonathan Wright    Books  Fiction  BookR… 
Iraq closes three unofficial border crossings with Iran   Iran  Iraq  9060   
CloseUp: Iraq War combat veteran makes bid for Congress - WMUR Manchester    iraq  news
Iraq prepares for fresh anti ISIL push - The National    iraq  news
Do you know what   Ashok with e YOU have made a big big mistake by calling people of KARNI Community, GOONS… 
The last battle of the Russian pilot  RuAf against terrorists of  alQaeda in  Idlib.
GoldBox RSS, simple tool to make EASY money with Amazon Affiliate 
Continuing to work on my manuscript   After the Caliphate   &amp; digging into myriad complexities/questions involving what to… 
The House of Khalifa sinks to new low    
Something wonderful is happening in 138 locations across Iraq…
Daesh Captives Get Publicly Shamed on  Iraq Reality Show  
The  PawsOfLibe y, 5 bomb dogs working with  SOLI's US military veteran volunteers to search vehicles + buildings for  I… 
How are u going to deny the crimes against Bosnian Muslims and Albanians which was the entire pretext for NATO to i…  
Anyone else has any doubts that   has connections to the  MuslimBrotherhood?…  
Footage of the huge Free Syrian Army offensive against  ISIS that never was    Daraa  FSA  Syria
Iraqi authorities have released a list of names of 60 most-wanted people who allegedly belong to  ISIS, al-Qaeda, o…   
Very interesting! I like this Secret Alliance, shows unity against  Daesh Israel Carries Out Airstrikes in Egypt, W…   
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim…  
Obama Officials,  NewYorkTimes Leaks Classified Info That Helps  ISIS    USA  US  UK  Canada…   
.  atchell
almonitor Sochi conference casualty of Turkey’s military offensive in Syria    iraq
news  summary:   iraq to launch   security   operation against white   banners   group, but who are they?   
I STAND WITH PM  NETANYAHU +    TRUMP
Iraq lists 60 most-wanted jihadists and  Baathists   via  
news  summary:   families with   isis   relatives forced into   camps - iraq  
FreeAhedTamimi and  DeathToIsrael ! I wish Hitler would have completed his   job   !…   
YPJ fighter Barîn Kobanî fought in Raqqa &amp; defeated  ISIS there In  Afrin. She defended her homeland from  Al-Qaeda…
It is the plan of the *New Axis* to involve the  UnitedStates in multiple wars with the smaller Axis members: firs…   
SHOCKING |  Trinidad's jihadis: how tiny nation became  ISIS recruiting ground - read here!
SHOCKING |  Trinidad's jihadis: how tiny nation became  ISIS recruiting ground - read here!
Jesus never existed.. The other guy who had magical powers and…  
The tiny  Caribbean nation, with a population of just 1.3 million, lies about 10,000km from the former  ISIS capita…   
Mohammed Riyaz arrested by NIA for allegedly trying to sell his wife to  ISIS as sex slave after forcibly conve in…  
I'll be following the trial closely, I've been obsessed with  salahabdeslam since the NOV 2015  Paris attacks. I know man… 
Kirkuk: Photos of  ISIS presence in the mountains south of  Kirkuk city. Most likely in Hamreen mountain  
You are currently protecting an  ISIS pocket east of the Euphrates which ne1 can see by reading official OIR repo …  
US  Imperialism Handbook:
SHAME ON THE CANADIAN PM for comparing  ISIS to good  Immigrants like  Italians,  Greeks,  Po uguese and  Chinese.   
The tiny  Caribbean nation, with a population of just 1.3 million, lies about 10,000km from the former  ISIS capital in… 
HTS  AlQaeda uses its own media outlet to claim the downing of the Russian plane . Via    
No coincidences  
ee:  ISIS was    JVTeam! Any limp wristed effo  was fake.
The Spread of the Caliphate: The  Daesh (Pa  1)  
Washington's mercenaries play musical chairs:  FSA join  DAESH, then DAESH join  SDF. Background from   .  Syri… 
Since June 2016, nearly 300  Hazaras were killed &amp; over 600 wounded in at least 12 targeted  ISIS attacks in  Kabul.  Afgh… 
Intresting! Huh!!  Bahrain these days
Iran also has heavy influence in Trinidad. Imams of Shiite cultural centers are linked to regime in Tehran. One eve…  
Iraq had it good until the west sta ed to run low on fossil fuels. Then what seem to be a very advanced State in…  
Iran also has heavy influence in Trinidad. Imams of Shiite cultural centers are linked to regime in Tehran. One even a…
Blowback: How ISIS was created by the U.S. invasion of  Iraq   by  
Congratulations to  Kurdistan Region's   which has been ranked  Iraq's top think tank and in top 60 in MEN…  
SOHR On two different charges,  ISIS beheaded 2 persons after executing them in the capital  Damascus   
”The anti- ISIS strategy designed by the Obama administration secured big wins under President Donald Trump. Now it’s about t…
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
Congratulations to  Kurdistan Region's   which has been ranked  Iraq's top think tank and in top 60 in MENA. Show…
the  israel  apa heid  occupation  ISIS targets the eyes of  Palestinians, blinding them, this is real how the…   
Send Swara to suffering  Yazidi women under  ISIS to understand the horror of being a vagi…
the  israel  apa heid  occupation  ISIS targets the eyes of  Palestinians, blinding them, this is real how the  warcrimin… 
Is Germany too very angry at  Kurds  PKK  YPG  SDF killing  ISIS  AlQaeda?  
Exclusive - US Concerned About Iran’s Effo s to Undermine Iraqi Sovereignty    LONDON  Iraq  newsfeed
PR No.70680: ISIS Cavalry
Kenton Stacey.
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim…  
Turkish incursion into  Syria kills 712 Kurdish militias,  ISIS terrorists\ 
My interview with   was misqouted. I did not refer to  Iraq’s politicians in general as liars, I ment…   
President repo s that fight against  ISIS remains and is not finished. Reminds us of heroes like Staff Sergeant Justin Peck in t…
Iraq|s political, religious and tribal houses are using  Kurdistan to keep from destroying each other. Their own h…   
Iraqi  security forces have arrested  IslamicState’s top  oil chief while he was trying to cross the border into…  
PR No.03815: Close Encounters of the sea monster
news  summary: jihad britain:   isis look to make uk breeding ground as more islamic state nuts move here  
Aaj Ke Musalman Ki Soch: Aik Jaiza | By  YounusAlGohar    (Mentality of today's  Muslims in  Urdu…
HELL NATION    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Jihad  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan
Shift in  Iraq fr fighting  Daesh to fighting at ballot box? Iraqi militias setting sights on upcoming  elections ?  
Hero Justin Peck! Opening an airway! CPR for 20 straight minutes! A ificial respiration for 2.% hours. Bronze Star with…
PR No.81725: JASON
Had a hand in this exposé of  AlQaeda’s Chick-Lit   How to Please your Holy Warrior   for this week's  . It's a… 
PR No.33698: ISIS Trampoline Training
This is all true to my own memories of   the plan   as I encountered it in various ways throughout my indoctrination.…   
This is all true to my own memories of   the plan   as I encountered it in various ways throughout my indoctrination.  Hivi… 
The  DAESH herd of pigs 🐷 is back
A group of  Egyptian and  Saudi  investors are gearing up to play a more active role in reconstructing  Iraq,…   
RussNews: Fo  Russ: BREAKING:  Russia annihilates group who shot down Russian Su-25    isis  news
PR No.03730: All your base are belong to us
BREAKING: 10  IslamicState members were killed while attempting to infiltrate into a region in south of  Mosul  
What is happening with  ISIS  Taliban  BokoHaram  AlShabab  IslamicState  ISIL  IS  AlQaeda…  
Tender for Provision Of Facilities and Maintenance Service
Good Morning from  playboy to you .  playboyiraq  iraq  play  romance  love  morning
Turkey’s Expansionist Military Policies in the Middle East by Col. (ret.) Dr. Jacques Neriah   via…
it is a big oppo unity for the USA backed coalition to elimin…  
it is a big oppo unity for the USA backed coalition to eliminate all…
Shame on the muslim community.  
Social Media has given people great freedom of expression and a great freedom to write Crap too.
The whole islamic world has an  ISIS-problem. And  Israel cannot solve this. It must  be done by muslims themselves. https:/…
DEASH
Water  wars.
Weapons &amp; Ammos for terrorist organization  YPG   PKK,  PYD,  YPG,  DEASH,  ISIS,  YPJ Captured by FSA Forces on way to  Afrin… 
The Kurds are representing the whole world for fighting against fundementalism and fascism in Afrin.…  
JihadiJustin clearly has disregard for the Canadian and American people.  After dealing with Obam…  
JihadiJustin clearly has disregard for the Canadian and American people.  After dealing with Obama 8 years wh…
My interview with   was misqouted. I did not refer to  Iraq’s politicians in general as liars, I mention… 
The real War On Women.  
Ya allah forgive me  Bahrain  Q8  KSA  UAE  QATAR  IRAQ  Jordan  Syria  Lebanon  Egypt  India  
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim…  
It's open season on Jews in Europe, again, a direct result of the hijrah (immigration jihad) into Europe. This ove  and vi… 
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim…  
…
Allegations that  Iraq's Army provided  Abrams tanks to the Hashd al-Shaabi Brigade would mean a violation of an agreem…
How will the propaganda based  fakenews  Saudi media channels will react to this information.
Academic Writing Service.  oman  jordan  saudi  fashionsta  لبنان  موضة  فاشن  اناقة  bahraintopcars  cars  qatar…  
A look on  ISIS recruitment in the beautiful  Carribean
What is happening with  ISIS  Taliban  BokoHaram  AlShabab  IslamicState  ISIL  IS  AlQaeda…  
America must fight  wars to win.  If not, DON'T send  USA Men &amp; Women to die.    tcot…   
America must fight  wars to win.  If not, DON'T send  USA Men &amp; Women to die.    tcot…   
We won't admit false complaint.We are asking for truth and justice,that's all    Turkey  Egypt  Iran  Iraq  Kuwait 
Please create  Hell for him and all the  FakeChristians turning our country into a  theocratic…  
ALQaeda and  ISIS and whatever  Mujahedeen-for-hire of the month are assets of the American intelligence community…  
JihadiJustin will gladly cave to them.   I hope the Canadian people have had enough and that A…
almonitor Girls of Jerusalem ensemble gets Palestinian voices heard    iraq
Thousands of  ISIS Fighters Flee in  Syria, Many to Fight Another Day   
Appreciating alstep of Moscow for syriya to respect syrian soverianity
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim  Salafism…
Thousands of  ISIS Fighters Flee in  Syria, Many to Fight Another Day   
Thousands of  ISIS Foreign Fighters Flee in  Syria, Many to Fight Another Day   
Here's to refresh our memories of how  ISIS gained strength in  Afghanistan.
Impo ant!
ISIS cell in  Halabja area dismantled, militants killed, arrested  
ALQaeda and  ISIS and whatever  Mujahedeen-for-hire of the month are assets of the American intelligence community. Tha…
Turkey unleashed  ISIS into  Syria and  Iraq to steal oil for itself - and  Erdogan.
.  New docs reveal  CSIS foreign fighter concerns
Read: 10th  SFG (A) Green Beret KIA in  Afghanistan →   🔥 Please   -  Iraq…  
the  israeli  USA  Terrorists ( ISIS) in  Syria are using  USA made weapons against  Syrian  Russian coalition…  
At some point you must realize that there are REAL threats to America.  isis  No hKorea  Democrats…  
Israeli jets are not enough to solve Egypt's  ISIS problem | Analysis
INDEPTH: The plight of  Iraq’s  refugees remains one of the most telling stories about the challenges of…  
Our returning Canadians  ISIS fighters are going to reintegated back into society so says  JustinTrudeau  
So when are you gonna talk about the massive tax subsidies for oil and coal companies?  Also...what…  
Why don’t you suppo  Kurdish people who are in Efrin Syria?  
Huppetee...word is out..  
Turkey president  Erdogan will be in  Italy  Rome a full state visit. Issues on the table,  EU relationship w/ Tur…   
Doesn't take a genius 2 figure out this f**king clown &gt; Hadi Abadallah is a full fledged member of  ISIS, nobody ju…   
Which reminds me:
With your help, we truly believe we can be a pa  of changing the course of history. All contributions to SOLI are now ta… 
Bahrain has depo ed eight people to  Iraq after they were convicted of  damaging state security and stripped of…  
🇨🇦Canadians don't HAVE A   to come to their rescue. 🚂Thank you   for giving America ALL THAT YO…  
Drone strikes kill 3  ISIS  terrorists in  Afghanistan
🇨🇦Canadians don't HAVE A   to come to their rescue. 🚂Thank you   for giving America ALL THAT YOU HAVE T…
Po raits of a syrian, a Tunisian immigrant and..a child.  ISIS 
Yes,  ! Though should read “ANY jets are not enough to solve  Egypt's  ISIS problem”   
Great thing about trump he doesn't cast a blind eye to evil like the crony Dems and GOP, but he sees how evil opera…   
Inherent Resolve continues to remove Islamic State Leaders of Iraq, Syria 
FEB. 3, 2014. Remembering the  terrorist attack in Mahmoudiyah,  Iraq. A car bomb went off near the local council b…   
Who were the creators and suppo ers of  Daesh?
FEB. 3, 2013. Remembering the  terrorist attack in  Kirkuk,  Iraq. A suicide car bombing at the provincial police H…   
Correct. This makes him more valuable. No lofty speeches, just brute facts. Who is who, what is what, what will wor…   
FEB. 3, 2007. Remembering the  terrorist attack in  Baghdad,  Iraq. At least 130 people have been killed and 305 in…   
No. But they’re a pretty damn good sta !  Egypt  Israel  ISIS  
More Islamic State jihadis now in UK than Britons in Syria fighting the Islamic State
Great thing about trump he doesn't cast a blind eye to evil like the crony Dems and GOP, but he sees how evil operates a… 
How to Pronounce Raghead ↺ ❤    poop  reddot  muslim  nohate  bihorn  mountvesuvius…  
No. But they’re a pretty damn good sta !  Egypt  Israel  ISIS  
Thousands of  ISIS fighters flee in  Syria, many to fight another day   
Looking to expand its fields of expe ise and  cooperation,   visits greenhouse projects in  Erbil.  Iraq… 
Bahrain depo s eight to  Iraq after stripping them of citizenship...    
What do you expect from the Democrats bro ??!! Just a few of these fanatical  ISIS/ Hezbollah terrorists. The…
Bahrain has depo ed eight people to  Iraq after they were convicted of  damaging state security and stripped of  citi…
Russian Pilot of the  Su25✈️warjet that was shot down over Syria, died fighting on the ground against  AlNusra Isl…   
Superbowl 52 played on
Here we see the Democrats/their  LyingMedia  FakeNews peddlers/their  Pedowood and their  ISIS/ Hezbollah masters PUMPIN…
NO, this is NOT  ISIS/ Hezbollah  Qatar. This is the Kommunist Khalifa of Kalifornia(KKK). 
UK Impo es  ISIS - Impo ed  ISLAM Impo ed  SHARIA = Good Bye Covilization!
Thank you President Trump for wiping out Abu HuSSein  Obama's  ISIS bros in the ME.
Russian Pilot of the  Su25✈️warjet that was shot down over Syria, died fighting on the ground against  AlNusra Isl…   
PopeFrancis will see the new  islamicState leader called  Erdogan in  Rome  italy
TERROR NATION    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Jihad  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan
Iraq prepares for fresh anti ISIL push - The National    iraq  news
news  summary:   iraq to launch   security   operation against white   banners   group, but who are they?   
Belgian  IslamicState  ISIS jihadi illustrates the intersection of crime and Islamic terror -    
UK Impo ed  ISIS - Impo ed  ISLAM Impo ed  SHARIA = Good Bye Covilization!
@ _com  USA is the leading terrorist state,  ISIS,  Alnusra  FSA &amp;  Kurdish have been their proxies in…   
Iraq prepares for fresh anti ISIL push - The National    iraq  news
UK Impo ed  ISIS - Impo ed  ISLAM Impo ed  SHARIA = Good Bye Covilization!
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
PopeFrancis will see the new  islamicState leader called  Erdogan in  Rome  italy
PopeFrancis will see the new  islamicState leader called  Erdogan in  Rome  italy
Would normally not reteweet such a video. But the world must see this! Find them. Find this butchers. Breng them to…  
Trinidadians who join  Daesh ‘think Caliphate is a good thing’
Speaking of  fake somali threats  ISIS  NFL with  superbowl has bigger issue  G4S
PopeFrancis will meet the new  islamicState leader called  Erdogan in  Rome  italy
The Sudden Surge of Media Coverage on the  CIA’s_Arming of  ISIS  
Though not taking anyone's side... I think there is a need of a rebel army like the  Kurds in Syria ; which helped…  
The sisters are clearly exhausted.   Nuns face  harassment, other dangers, as they seek to rebuild  Iraq following  IS… 
The Pakistani Taliban has claimed at least 5   ma yrdom operations   (suicide attacks) during the first five weeks o…   
PopeFrancis will see the new  islamicState leader called  Erdogan in  Rome  italy
The Pakistani Taliban has claimed at least 5   ma yrdom operations   (suicide attacks) during the first five weeks of 20… 
PopeFrancis will see the new  islamicState leader called  Erdogan in  Rome  italy
@ _com Letting the  Syrian eased was  Russians mistake which gave  USA &amp; it’s proxies a chance to reassemble.…  
PopeFrancis will see the new  islamicState leader called  Erdogan in  Rome  italy
PopeFrancis will see the new  islamicState leader called  Erdogan in  Rome  italy
PopeFrancis will see the new  islamicState leader called  Erdogan in  Rome  italy
Why Turkey’s troops are in Syria again? Remember USA &amp;  SDF  YPG said they will secure the border, then Erdogan sai…   
PopeFrancis will see the new  islamicState leader called  Erdogan in  Rome  italy
More Americans are killed in Lawn Mover incidents than by terrorists. Terrorism, ISI, Syria, Jihad, Jihadist, Iraq.…   
Iraq prepares for fresh anti  ISIL push   via    ISIS  terrorism
PopeFrancis will see the new  islamicState leader called  Erdogan in  Rome  italy
jihadijustin trudeaumustgo cdnpoli  
PopeFrancis will see the new  islamicState leader called  Erdogan in  Rome  italy
ISIL seeking industry insiders for  cyberattacks: repo    via    ISIS  cybersecurity  terrorism  UK
As  ISIS did earlier in  Palmyra,  Turkey is doing the same in  Afrin together with several jihadi groups. They are dest… 
PopeFrancis will see the new  islamicState leader called  Erdogan in  Rome  italy
I am not fan of   conspiracy theory  , but can anyone say where the  US took the thousands of  ISIS evacuated from…   
Latest  Waha clashes involve  Daesh, local administrator tells  Reuters. (One “soldier” &amp; 3 attackers killed.) 
PopeFrancis will see the new  islamicState leader called  Erdogan in  Rome  italy
news  summary:   kuna :   kuwait   aid to   iraq   equals whole given by all   arab   states -- official  
★TWO HEA S UNBROKEN★
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim…  
Is  Islam A  Religion Of Peace? Quran  Muhammad  Wahhabi  Ahmadiyya  ReligionOfPeace…  
She is saying the statement on the tweet.
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim  Salafism…
Unacceptable!  PopeFrancis could never receive Erdogan with  Afrin under Turkey's Army attack.…  
jihadijustin trudeaumustgo cdnpoli  
Iraqi engineers repair vehicles used by Counter-Terrorism force to be ‘battle-ready’
e   That same 3 year old a icle. Collaboration with western agents have…  
There’s no chance of that. The problem N &amp; E of the River is not the Kurds in general but some of t…  
Huppetee...word is out..  
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim…  
All done. A  oilpainting of the  imamali  masjid in  iraq
Is  Islam A  Religion Of Peace? Quran  Muhammad  Wahhabi  Ahmadiyya  ReligionOfPeace…  
What is happening with  ISIS  Taliban  BokoHaram  AlShabab  IslamicState  ISIL  IS  AlQaeda…  
DONT FORGET  IRAQ  WARCRIMES  DepletedUranium  Bi hDefects  CancerSpike  GulfWarSyndrome  ENDOPPRESSION  HIDDENAGENDA  9…
🎥 CPC hypocrisy exposed!
subscribe  Catholic Church bringing to light the hidden hand behind the despicable acts of the middle ages and inquisiti…
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
FM   to attend Iraq reconstruction confab in Kuwait
Good night with love . playboy  playboyiraq  iraq  play  romance  girls  nighty
When the US will be hold accountable for US-wars &amp; aggression?
Tender for Provision of Operating System Licenses and Software for the Companys etc
When the US will be hold accountable for US-wars &amp; aggression?
ISIS leader and mastermind behind the massive truck bomb has been killed in Afghanistan  TCOT  
How are they going to reach Afrin? In  Kobane Mr Erdogan allowed Pesghmerga to enter when 4 blocks were left and…  
Saddam's eldest daughter Raghad on most wanted list
This store operates freely in Canada. One wonders where the profits go! LOL  isis  daesh  
They are in  Afghanistan ‘east  Syria &amp;  Iraq &amp; USA want to us them to have it base in all thi…  
Sure! Can’t be worse than what you and your buddy Obama did against us all. You should be in prison together with Obama.  …
Those poor people are only being used and killed for amusement. :(  
There’s no chance of that. The problem N &amp; E of the River is not the Kurds in general but some of their l…
Turkish police detain 82 people in raids targeting  ISIS  
Sons of...libe y? We wonder...
FM   to attend Iraq reconstruction confab in Kuwait
US political, military establishment seeks to poison ties with Russia: Analyst  Iran  Syria  Yemen  Iraq   
AJE Saddam's eldest daughter Raghad on most wanted list    Iraq
'The hardest thing you could ever imagine': Yazidi cousins who fled ISIS reunite in Winnipeg
Speaking of  fake somali threats  ISIS  NFL with  superbowl has bigger issue  G4S
a bomb explosion in no hwestern  Baghdad wounded 3 including an army colonel
Coindence?
Create UNIQUE A ICLES on any keyword    SeoTool  software…  
Coindence?
y1: This is Tramadol.  Users have been known to kill family members, then claim they can't remember their actions afterwards.… 
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim…  
ISIS captures gas station(Awdat Khateeb) &amp; “White Buildings” from  JAI( FSA) after successfull SVBIED attack in Zain…
Send RSS feed update to any email every day.    A icleMarketing | SEO Trick | Blog ideas | S…  
So what’s the olive branch for? helping  AlQaeda  ISIS? attacking the ones attacking  IslamistTerrorists
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim  Salafism  …
The top 5 countries worst impacted by explosive violence in December 2017 were  Syria,  Yemen,  Afghanistan,  Pakistan and  Iraq… 
Fallujah[a] (Arabic:  الفلوجة , al-Fallūjah  Iraq|i pronunciation: [el.fɐl.ˈluː.dʒɐ]) is a city in the Iraqi province of… 
Turkey president  Erdogan will be in  Italy  Rome a full state visit. Issues on the table,  EU relationship w/ Turkey includin… 
Its Equally  Menacing If Bloodthirsty,Abhorrent  ISIS Killers, 
Its Equally  Menacing If Bloodthirsty
Doesn't take a genius 2 figure out this f**king clown &gt; Hadi Abadallah is a full fledged member of  ISIS, nobody just… 
EhStein: This shows that the   y lead by   are complicit in suppo ing  ISIS and unfit to lead.  Trudeau…
Iraq releases list of 60 'terror suspects', but does not include Baghdadi [Rûdaw] 
Despite tensions with  Turkey and criticism from  Russia, US has sent new arms and military vehicles to  YPG-held…   
You have no idea what the Koran is
ObamaFraud
Intelligence Chief tells  BBC:  Russia &amp;  Iran are also suppo ing  Taliban pretending they are fighting ag…  
Author says USA back stabbed/betrayed Turkey, when USA allied with  Kurds? and what was that for? Fighting  AlQaeda…   
When this terrorist Kurds lady target w an ATGM a military vehicle which belongs to the  Turkey  TSK nobody condemn…  
Naive Western see a Christmas pic in  Syria but DISREGARD THE ISLAMIC CONSTITUTION OF  Assad!! What is the average IQ o…
Shift in  Iraq fr fighting  Daesh to fighting at ballot box? Iraqi militias setting sights on upcoming  elections ? ht…
So what’s the olive branch for? helping  AlQaeda  ISIS? attacking the ones attacking  IslamistTerrorists
Cleopatra pen and ink  lucidrose  a   penandink  cleopatra  isis  goddess  queen  alien  faery…  
Iraq should ban these transpo s and eve hing is solved.
KRG representative in USA have time to posts these useless tweets but no a single word in Afrin in 3 weeks. The level of mor…
ownsendAU: It is only a ‘phobia’ if there really is nothing to fear! PC Logic and  Islam.  Muslim  Islamophobia  ISIS  
The   repo  details specific incidents of sexual violence and enslavement, including: 
42 Yazidi who women were sent to Deir ez-Zor in  Syria, the majority of which is held by Isis, and sold as sex slaves for b… 
Hope  Syrian forces blast all those  American  ISIS mercenaries lurking there and pretending to fight ISIS.  
A Qur’an memorisation contest in which the top three winners would receive sex slaves as prizes.  Yazidi  YazidiPlight  Ira…
Erdogan is going full-blown asshat
A warm welcome to new followers from  Pakistan,  Canada, Judea &amp; Samaria,  Iraq,  Snowflake land-inhabited by those…   
they don't say singe word because they still feel love for Turks Mongolian , this what kurdish enemies wanted such…   
Human Centipede 2 Teaser Trailer! ↺ ❤️️    cars  news  commercial  cool  fight  parody…  
Yes,  ! Though should read “ANY jets are not enough to solve  Egypt's  ISIS problem”   
HELL NATION    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Jihad  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan
Moron, despite his corruption&amp; hunger for power that ruined the country 
planned in 2007 :
2/2 Remember the other rogue employee
.@ _Erdogan is not America’s friend often refusing to help the  US fight  ISIS while the Kurds have been a great ally to…
Why does the  SuperBowl    have an  illuminati themed half time show every year? Will  SuperBowl2018 be different?  SB52…
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
Thank you Jehovah  
Iraq releases list of most wanted 'terror suspects', but does not include Baghdadi  Iraq  bhive   
ErdogansWarOnAfrin -  PKK is probably a less potent foe than  ISIS. The only way to prevent  ISIS comeback is eith…  
Iraq:  nuns repo  dangerous harassment during their daily trips to teach at  Mosul University.  
Despair Country    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
Who Are The  Yazidis? &amp;  why do  ISIS Want to Kill Them: By  YounusAlGohar    Ezidi  Iraq…  
Yellow disc in window=Uber scab  licencetokill  isis  ubered  
Almonitor Are Iraqi Mandaeans better off in Jordan?    Iraq
…  
Wait  erdogan Tonight before the dawn , Here are the  US zombie forces , they just eat fresh flesh ... 
Koran verses 4:3, 4:24, 4:25, 23:6,24:31, 33:50. 33:52, 70:30 all state that a man’s ‘Right hand can possess a woma…   
Wahhabism and  Daesh why US officials won’t discuss their links to  SaudiArabia  
Egypt Army denies Israel carried out ”Secret Airstrike” Campaign in  Sinai. HAHA ISRAEL CLAIMS FIGHTING
Syria  Iran  Iraq  Egypt  Turkey  
Stopped at bustling “King Falafel” in downtown  Raqqa for lunch. Grateful for the hospitality, inspired by optimism of lo… 
At the  Book  Forum  cafe, men and women, young and old, sit  passionately  debating  literature,  music,  politics…   
When Turkey allied with  AlQaeda and others, it’s impossible for   admin to leave Syria.   
Iraq prepares for fresh anti ISIL push - The National    iraq  news
Iraq prepares for fresh anti ISIL push - The National    iraq  news
Al_Jazeera Saddam's eldest daughter Raghad on most wanted list    Iraq
Fighting a  nonmuslim and a  Muslim  enemy: What changed for  Lebanese  Hezbollah? by Micheal Stone
Koran verses 4:3, 4:24, 4:25, 23:6,24:31, 33:50. 33:52, 70:30 all state that a man’s ‘Right hand can possess a woman’… 
BREAKING:   Iraq places  SaddamHussein's eldest daughter  Raghad on most wanted list. Member of  ISIS?…  
Watch True Concept of Imam Mehdi vs  Wahhabi Fallacy  YounusAlGohar Wahhabism…  
A very impo ant message for international community plz read &amp;  share  ISIS  IS  ISIL…  
almonitor Are Iraqi Mandaeans better off in Jordan?    iraq
The only difference between the spread of ISIS and the spread of Islam in the first years is now that we can see th…  
Yezidis meet Sushma Swaraj, seek suppo  at UN 
Yezidis meet Sushma Swaraj, seek suppo  at UN 
Not no but HE'LL NO!   democrats.  LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
This  Thanksgiving I'm giving thanks to God, family, country, our  military and  veterans, and the amazing team of  donor… 
I'm sick of this suspending the  Daesh HUN…  
These oligarchs must be prosecuted for  MemoFraud |fabricated bogus evidence | like when the  illegal  Iraq war was…  
Ce ainly they have since President Trump Administration uncovering all Obama’s tricks  
What alliance ? Turkish Army is with  AlQaeda and other  IslamistTerrorists at these very moments. Turkey stopped b…  
…  
The Secret War.. Against ISIS Israel HAVE Striked  Isis in  Sinai over 100 Times. THEY ARE ISIS!  Chutzpah  
I'm sick of this suspending the  Daesh HUNTERS…
Foreign IS members’ children in  Iraq to undergo  DNA tests before returning back to homelands
”The Secret War” Against ISIS Israel HAVE NOT Strike  Isis in  Sinai over 100 Times. THEY ARE  ISIS!  Chutzpah! Nev…  
Tender for Seamless tubes for heat exchangers
To your Attn  
160th SOAR evacuated all of its seven MH-60Ms &amp; two MH-47Gs from the  USArmy Special Forces base at Harir, No heast of… 
Seventy Yazidi civilians are found in a mass ISIS grave. At least 70 killed in Qahtaniya,  Iraq 
Australian Muslim jailed for emulating Muhammad. Go figure.  Islam  Muslim  Islamophobia  tcot  ISIS…  
Killed for having pubic hair. Muhammad (the ‘perfect example’) and the Banu Quarayza  Islam  Muslim  Islamophobia…  
My beauty.  Walrus  Isis  mydaughter  cats  CatsOfTwitter  catmom  
: Turkey pushed Al-Nusra Front to fight us in no h-east of Syria, it doomed to death, then  Turkey pushed  Daesh to fight… 
How Much Has the American Government Paid for Its Invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan?    
Iraq rejects Turkish military 'intervention' in Afrin, FM - Rudaw    iraq  news 
Iraq to launch security operation against White Flag Holders, but who are they? 
Egypt Army denies Israel carried out ”Secret Airstrike” Campaign in  Sinai. HAHA ISRAEL CLAIMS FIGHTING
Three people, including colonel, injured in Baghdad bomb blast    iraq  news 
BESA Zionist Think Thank, Impo ant keep  ISIS Alive 
Australian Muslim jailed for emulating Muhammad. Go figure.  Islam  Muslim  Islamophobia  tcot  ISIS  
Interpol  Police  SingaporePolice  France  Paris  Germany  Berlin  Swiss  Russia  Moscow  Israel  Iran  Iraq…  
Ce ainly they have since President Trump Administration uncovering all Obama’s tricks  
Every February 5, we celebrate   and his courage in standing against  Iraq and the flimsy evidence of…   
I guess it isn't that secret anymore 🤦
ISIS Foreign IS members’ children in Iraq to undergo DNA tests before returning back to homelands  
Killed for having pubic hair. Muhammad (the ‘perfect example’) and the Banu Quarayza  Islam  Muslim  Islamophobia…  
Breaking
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim…  
Who wants to knows trues 👇  TurkeyKillsCivilians  TurkeyHandsOffAfrin  TurkeyMassacresAfrin  TurkeyUsedWeaponNapalm…  
I guess it isn't that secret anymore 🤦
you forgot the days when your tanks and armys watched while  ISIS entered  Kobane in day light and they…
…
Russian Mystery Men ↺ ❤️️    animals  stupid  prank  iraq  gross  cars  sexy  fight  dancing…  
Thousands of  ISIS Fighters Flee in Syria, Many to Fight Another Day   via    terrorism  security 
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim…  
FEB. 4, 2016. Remembering the  terrorist attack in  Ramadi,  Iraq. A car bomb hit an army barracks. At least 28 Ira…   
Every February 5, we celebrate   and his courage in standing against  Iraq and the flimsy evidence of Bush/Blai… 
Who wants to knows trues 👇  TurkeyKillsCivilians  TurkeyHandsOffAfrin  TurkeyMassacresAfrin  TurkeyUsedWeaponNapalm…  
Iraq elections commission says pa ies must submit candidate lists  for May parliament elections by 10 Feb. Some p…  
How Much Has the American Government Paid for Its Invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan?    politics  war…
These brave Kurdish  women are on the frontlines of humanity, fighting on daily basis  ISIS. They need the world to sup… 
The Qur’an Contradiction Files: Chaos in Hell’s Kitchen!  Islam  Muslim  Islamophobia  tcot  ISIS…  
Names would be good.  
PopeFrancis will meet the new  islamicState leader called  Erdogan in  Rome  italy
The fact that the idiots that govern us are letting these black-clad pariahs of death back into the  UK shows just…  
ic:  Trump’s going to “take the
ownsend7: The Qur’an Contradiction Files: Chaos in Hell’s Kitchen!  Islam  Muslim  Islamophobia  tcot  ISIS  
ic:  US 16th yr of war in  Afganistan against  Taliban 4 refusing to give up  AlQaeda  BinLaden…while we fund/arm AQ in  Syria to…
ic:  Trump's abdicated US foreign policy to Generals.
This is  UK Govt giving tacit suppo  to  Terrorists in  idlib
Repo s of a new improvised chemical weapons attack using chlorine in  Syria near where  HTS/ AlQaeda shot down a R…  
Welcome to the  New  Iraq where anything of value has been/can be stolen&amp;the thieves/officials are in power.  Rouge…  
Turkish propagandists will tell you that  Turkey is only suppo ing   moderate rebels  . 
Boost your website visitors AUTOMATICALLY    contents | Web traffic |…  
FEB. 4, 2013. Remembering the  terrorist attack in Taji,  Iraq. A suicide bomber attacked a government building. ki…   
Killed for having pubic hair. Muhammad (the ‘perfect example’) and the Banu Quarayza  Islam  Muslim  Islamophobia…  
…  
The  terrorist is  Erdogan who suppo ed  ISIS &amp; broke peace deal with the  Kurds because…  
Iraqi army says foreign IS members extradited to Justice Ministry to stand trials
CIA supplies  ISIS jihadists in Pakistan with Serbian weapons destined on papers for Afghanistan on a  SilkWay diploma…
Unbelievably scary coincidence how  Isis is no longer being funded
May be for this loyalist terrorist then?
Taliban exposed in great details by Younus AlGohar   Videos mostly in  Urdu some with  English subtit…
Police  Stopped  Monitoring  Stockholm Car-Rammer Less Than 3 Months  Before  Massacre
⚡️This Prime Minster is
Shelling Idlib Syria  
RussianAirForce Heroe Major  RomanFillipov has joined the ranks of  ChristianMa yrs in the  ParadiseOfGod. 30+…  
AAA use Idlib Syria  
Librarians from the Czech Republic have raised money to help refurbish  Mosul library - a key initiative to help the city re…
Deadly combination of  narcotics &amp;  terrorism. The reliance of  ISIS fighters on mind altering drugs another indica…  
USA DEMANDS CENSORSHIP IN  UN SCHOOLS IN EXCHANGE OF LIMITED CONTINUATION OF AID FOR  PALESTINE REFUGEES  
From   Pentagon repo  that speak volumes   and   Islamic State’s Israeli medical plan   to   Oil Expo  Business   and t…   
Shelling Idlib Syria  
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
Content idea for your blog?    OnlineBusiness | SEO Expe  | Freelan…  
hernunion1   I grew up in  Derry all during the 70s/8…  
Full RSS spinner, generate rss feed with  seo friendly spun  content    freelance | Blog cont…   
.  continues to document  Bahrain crushing those exercising their right to freedom of speech, expression &amp;…   
You are WRONG ! He did create  ISIS and suppo ed  Hezbollah in their…  
    
MUSLIM OF THE YEAR
Tracing the roots of European terror: What led a young Belgian to become an  ISIS terrorist…  
Anti- Imperialist U: The Plot to Balkanize the Middle East    Palestine  Yemen  Iraq  Lebanon  Li…
When will the world realize they do not Strive for peace  Muslim  ISIS
Are Iraqi Mandaeans better off in Jordan?    iraq  news
Merica ™ 🇺🇸💩  AlQaeda 💩🇮🇱
has shown to Cdns that he prefers Muslims &amp; Non-Canadians.
Iraq Maps Out Its Foreign Policy Ahead of Donors Conference    iraq  news
Mr. Landis, honestly If this is not using  ISIS, I wonder what 'using' would look like.   
Raghad Saddam Hussein responds after being named on  Iraq’s most-wanted list    
NOTurkeyInEurope  Kurdistan  Syria  ISIS Displaced Assyrians, Yazidis Also Under Fire From Turkey   
Turkey weakening effo s against ISIS
💯   Media  Daily Russian  pilot yells   This is for our guys!   as he blows himself up -  VIDEO    idlib  isis  news 
Raghad Saddam Hussein responds after being named on  Iraq’s most-wanted list    
…
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
Turkey offensive in  Afrin my cause destruction of voluntary YPG kurdish movements  👉…  
Syria  jihadists  Russia
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
Waiting for the for  AlQaeda’s  WhiteHelmets mantras: “Last of Hospital”; “Last of Doctor”; “Last School”; “Last Wh…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes…  
have a look at what is coming out ...  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
America is an increasingly polarized nation. This polarization could lead t…  
İncirlikKatilAmerikayaKapatılsın  the US,which has plagued terrorism... is also suppo ing terrorist organizations…   
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia…  
We Love Goats
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
İncirlikKatilAmerikayaKapatılsın  the US,which has plagued terrorism... is also suppo ing terrorist organizations  PKK  PY… 
There was no war or  ISIS gangs in  Syria when  Assad gangs were to uring to death defen…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia…  
To your Attn
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,  Assad…   
ISIS Five people wounded in two stun grenade blasts in east of Baghdad  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia…  
There was no war or  ISIS gangs in  Syria when  Assad gangs were to uring to death defenceless civi…
Turkey killed more than 4000  ISIS terrorists in  Syria and  Iraq. Only ignorant people…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim…  
US Military Probes Twitter Post Claiming to Show US  Troops Killed in  Niger
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…    
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia…  
In 2014,  ISIS released a controversial video of a bulldozer pushing the Iraq-Syrian border.This video has since be…   
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
Smile it,s  Sunnah 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   J7 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia…   OW5XXWjs
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
Given abundance of information vis-a-vis cove  machinations of CIA et al going back decades, to reject “conspiracy…   
ISIS  Amaq today claims RPG attack on  Syria army outpost and ATGM shot at bulldozer near Al- Bukamal, eastern  DeirEzZor… 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
Great to see a group of volunteers gather together at The Grind House  SocialCohesion  Unity  Kurdistan  Volunteers…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,  As… 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes…  
Everyday is a good day to oppose immoral, criminal, murderous  terrorists. They have killed more innocent people in…   
İncirlikKatilAmerikayaKapatılsın  CloseTheIncirlikKillerAmerican  AmericaSuppo sTerrorism  PKK  PYD  YPG  ISIS…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,  As… 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
.  lateshow imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes…  
IslamicState Daily is out!   Featuring    isis  iraq
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
Delighted to see my assessment on the rise of  ISIS in no hern Afghanistan picked up by the Associated Press and appe…
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes…  
They are not fleeing from anything. This is an invasion force. It's known as Hijrah. Immigration to infidel land…
what’s up with the “ minneapolis strong “ website just created last week???  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,  As… 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
the Kurds need your help. They are your allies against  ISIS. Don’t betray them.  Afrin  
Awesome ⤵️  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes…  
.  continues to document  Bahrain crushing those exercising their right to freedom of speech, expression &amp; associat… 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,  A… 
Iraq lists 60 most-wanted terrorists and  Ba'ath pa y    
Stoking fear of an anti-Muslim backlash after an attack. A very common MSM strategy  Islam  Muslim  Islamophobia…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,… 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,… 
Iraq lists 60 most-wanted terrorists and  Ba'ath pa y    
what’s up with the “ minneapolis strong “ website just created last week???  
The  Isis remnants are now pa  of Turkey’s  OperationOliveBranch and fighting in   Afrin against the  Kurds under the  FSA banner.
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,  A… 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,  … 
afrin  efrin  twitterkurds  OliveBranch  pyd  ypg  NYTimes   HappyValentinesDay  Stop terror in middle east stop…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,  … 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,  A… 
Saddam Hussein's daughter among list of Iraq's 60 most-wanted extremists    IS  ISIS  Daesh
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,  Assad… 
Must-read a icle on  Yazidi women's perceptions of journalistic practices in repo ing on  ISIS sexual violence by…  
.  lateshow imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russi…
Foreign IS members’ children in  Iraq to undergo  DNA tests before returning back to homelands
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,  A… 
That explains  Dreamers,  DemographicReplacement,  MuslimMigration ( Hijrah), collapsing  fe ility be…   
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,… 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia…
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russi…
Everyday is a good day to oppose immoral, criminal, murderous  terrorists. They have killed more innocent people in this… 
conve  sho  rss to FULL CONTENT  RSS!  fiverr  WorkFromHome | Blo…  
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,  … 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,  … 
Saddam Hussein's daughter among list of Iraq's 60 most-wanted extremists    IS  ISIS  Daesh
Erbil, late afternoon, taken on the last day of this journey... 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,  Assad &amp;… 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,  … 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,  A… 
Veterans Patron Iraqi Restaurant After Being Vandalized ↺ ❤️️    restaurant  Serious  Politics  Iraq  News
I  m asking again: Why is the Pentagon expanding its budget for the   train &amp; equip   program in  Syria to fight  ISIS fro… 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russi…
Julian justified Turkish airstrikes against  civilians in Afrin, but is outraged when civilians are killed in Russi…   
All before but is bullshit. 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes…  
Colonial media catching up, a few years after they refused to look at the evidence that  Washington was the masterm…   
Given abundance of information vis-a-vis cove  machinations of CIA et al going back decades, to reject “conspiracy” out… 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
Erbil, late afternoon, taken on the last day of this journey... 

.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,  A… 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,… 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,  A… 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes…  
We have a choice:  religious tolerance or space travel. Both ain't gunna happen.  
There was no war or  ISIS gangs in  Syria when  Assad gangs were to uring to death defencel…  

Watch True Concept of Imam Mehdi vs  Wahhabi Fallacy  YounusAlGohar Wahhabism…  
There was no war or  ISIS gangs in  Syria when  Assad gangs were to uring to death defenceless civilia…
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes…  
Fighting a  nonmuslim and a  Muslim  enemy: What changed for  Lebanese  Hezbollah? by Micheal Stone
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes…  
Just another peaceful moment in the life of this Muslim. A little bored so he's going to assault a poor defenseless an…
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
► ERDOGAN, now it is time for you to step down  Dictator  Turkey ► Turkish_Army Attack  Kurds in  Afrin  Syria ►Join th… 
ISIS turned this  young Iraqi Christian into an atheist  town  iraq  islamicstate    
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia…  
YounusAlGohar Explains The True Concept of Imam Mehdi ImamMehdi  ImamMahdi  JesusChrist…  
4) remember even Erdogan said will close the Turkey-Iraq border gates to suffocate Iraqi Kurds if succeed in…  
Billion-dollar bust: How Australia helped trap the world's most wanted money launderer  AlQaeda  terroristfinance…  
A regime that polices a woman’s hair is not a legitimate regime.   By    ISIS = Mullahs in  Iran…   
Only way to stem  Radical  Islam is to deliver Brutal Punishment!  ISIS  religiouswar   
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim…  
.  video of the victim of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
.  video of the victim of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,  Assad… 
Daesh throws gay men off buildings  
When ISIS were in those territories Turkey never felt threaten by  ISIS because they never had such o…  
YounusAlGohar Explains The True Concept of Imam Mehdi ImamMehdi  ImamMahdi  JesusChrist…  
.  video of a victim of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,  Assad…   
5) where ever Turkey looks sewing  Kurds, seeing Kurds is seeing  PKK 
.  imagines of the victims of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,  … 
Repo s of a new improvised chemical weapons attack using chlorine in  Syria near where  HTS/ AlQaeda shot down a Russi…
Julian would understand that if you paid him well
Child corpse amongst the rubble in  Mosul
.  video of a victim of  Assad's chemical weapons attack on civilians in  Idlib  WarCrimes  Russia,…   
Israel is involved in a   secret alliance   with  Egypt to fight  ISIS in the Sinai Peninsula, the New York Times re…   
Every single individual will have to play a role in combatting evil  ISIS    ISIL  IS  Daesh…  
VIDEO: Muslim attempts to kill Jewish family in car ramming in Belgium - It’s open season on Jews in Europe, again,…   
Like  Hillary couldn't say  ISIS...
The latest  DnNet Daily  !   Thanks to    terrorism  isis
Turkish Airlines sponsoring  SuperBowl pre-game show.
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda…  
Was Abu HuSSein  Obama in town ?! We know how much him--and his  ISIS/ Hezbollah bros-- lov…  
They conned you &amp; said they are fighting  ISIS while in reality they are committing daily savage genocidal crimes against…
YounusAlGohar Explains The True Concept of Imam Mehdi ImamMehdi  ImamMahdi  JesusChrist…   9
TommyLeeJones  Bu Reynolds  CHECK  hashtags for  Twiiter   CENSORSHIP ( see  photos for  MORE  characters these…  
Don't be distracted by the  NothingBurgerMemo and tonight's spo sball.  
What is happening with  ISIS  Taliban  BokoHaram  AlShabab  IslamicState  ISIL  IS  AlQaeda…  
Just an example, photos you can see every day:   
Why the Daughter of saddam Hussein, Raghab, is on Iraq's US-sponsored Most wanted list, but not the leader of ISIS,…   
of the Youth Union of Rojava on  DefendAfrin , international proxy hijinks,  aniticapitalism and pluralis…   
All Int'l community indeed !  
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda…  
Every single individual will have to play a role in combatting evil  ISIS    ISIL  IS  Daesh…  
The  altright terrorists are using many disinformation tactics and telling outright lies. They're organized online by the th…
Thousands of  ISIS Fighters Flee in  Syria, Many to Fight Another Day   
dad  and  son  Are  Seconds  From  Assassination by  ISIS  Then  quiet  Click  Half-Mile  away  Happens  
TRUE HISTORY    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Jihad  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan
The  Afghans should ask their government why it's blaming  Pakistan when the  KabulAttack was the work of  ISIS  Khora…
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim…  
These patriots are doing incredible work  
Look for my new a icle looking into this ;) BBC tracked the convoys 2 near Abu Kamal &amp; Silo also said De…  
Graphic
There was no war or  ISIS gangs in  Syria when  Assad gangs were to uring to death defenceless civilians suspected of b…
Yet another reason not to watch  
Ali Majeed Alghaneem using  rover Leica Viva in oil exploration in  Iraq  whenithastoberight  surveylife  survey…  
Ali Majeed Alghaneem using  rover Leica Viva in oil exploration in  Iraq  whenithastoberight  surveylife  survey…  
YounusAlGohar Explains The True Concept of Imam Mehdi ImamMehdi  ImamMahdi  JesusChrist…   HYBaU
Building project in  Iraq using Leica Geosystems  totalstation by Dlovan Fatah    
Building project in  Iraq using Leica Geosystems  totalstation by Dlovan Fatah    
Raghad Saddam Hussein responds after being named on Iraq's most-wanted list…    iraq  news
Book culture returns to Iraq's post-extremist Mosul - Jordan Times    iraq  news
Book culture returns to Iraq's post-extremist Mosul - Jordan Times    iraq  news
Watch True Concept of Imam Mehdi vs  Wahhabi Fallacy  YounusAlGohar Wahhabism…  
Iraq on top wanted list, Raghad daughter of Saddam Hussein along with 20 Ba’ath pa y leaders and 28 of  ISIS and 12 of  AlQaida. 
Every single individual will have to play a role in combatting evil  ISIS    ISIL  IS  Daesh…  
The latest The SaggiRex Daily!   Thanks to    isis  superbowl
Because they were never fleeing one the war, they are refujihadist sent to falsely appear as…   
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim…  
Why does twitter allow such graphic violence on here?  
Hardly..........  
Why does twitter allow such graphic violence on here?  
Idlib tonight.
ISIS, the  Taliban &amp;  Hamas are all deplorable inhumane monstrosities, but at least they don’t stink! 
Hi  =  This PR, it’s a  humanity &amp;  Justice case  thaarjustice  sundaymorning  NBC  express  guardian  dailynews  abcnews  usa… 
OSN spo s  WeAreNATO hashtag, while  AngelinaJolie is lobbing for war against sexual violence, echoing the war on…   
What pretty much guarantees pove y, high bi h rate, instability and no development, is an 'intervention' by the U…   
He's about as lovable as a hybrid of  Hitler   Trump  Assad  Erdogan  Putin  May  KimJongUn…  
is an 'intervention' by the US an…
Crush al..  
Turkish soldiers with their  ISIS minded mercenaries (FreeSyrianArmy) cut off Kurds' ear and head +18  
Kurdistan Observer is out! TwitterKurds  Iraq  Syria  IS Stories via   ual  kurdistan
Kerala  ISIS bride  Hadiya's father Ashokan too was secular communist, unfo unately wis…   
Book culture returns to Iraq's post-extremist Mosul  Iraq  bhive  
You made  isis look good  
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda…  
The  USA hates  Turkey, the  EU hates Turkey,  Russia is hating Turkey more everyday, the  Kurds will a…   
MadYet⁉️ ▪️  MAGA  women  mothers  Parents  1A  2A  AmericaFirst  SundayFeeling  Memo  SuperBowl  
What is happening with  ISIS  Taliban  BokoHaram  AlShabab  IslamicState  ISIL  IS  AlQaeda…  
Comfo   Women issue to desecrate American  Veterans
Amazing video please make it viral✔
NY times are basically saying the minute Al Qaeda steps into  Idlib they become US-backed CIA vetted moderate FSA r…  
…  
A very impo ant message for international community plz read &amp;  share  ISIS  IS  ISIL…  
x]aCTr  Трамп  экономика  ЕС  статья  сирия  Putin  Politics  Syria  Iraq  Iran  Democracy    
Kurdistan Observer is out! TwitterKurds  Iraq  Syria  IS Stories via   ual   @…
Premier Khamis: Organizing expos reflects recovery of Syrian industry    Syria  Iraq  Lebanon  
barbaric turkish soldiers cut off human head in afrin
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSyria   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSyria   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
Surely the   tree is  barrier enough?  Smacks of  localgov  vandalism this  , woe , woe and thrice woe on the…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
🎦 Undoubtedly, PALESTINE will be Liberated 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
You should try reading yr tweets aloud. Maybe you’d catch…  
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
How did the people of  Mosul subve   ISIS rule?  
The Islamist-Leftist Alliance. Based on a common hatred of Western values  Islam  Muslim  Islamophobia  tcot  ISIS…  
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSyria… 
Trudeau Libs BIG IDEA - Welcome home these SAME ISIS fighters, heal them with a  therapy/poetry and reintegrate them in… 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
TurkeyOutOfNato They do not suppo  the US and are more interested in killing Kurds than defeating Islamic Terrori…  
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSyria   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
Together 200 Million Population Of  Turkey  Iran  Syria  Iraq Would Be Match For Any World Superpower With Possible…  
TurkeyOutOfNato They do not suppo  the US and are more interested in killing Kurds than defeating Islamic Terrorism as rep…
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
Amaq: 11 civilians were killed and 7 injured as a result of  America|n bombing on a hospital while targeting  ISIS…  
German intelligence pa  of secret anti-terror unit targeting returning 'IS' fighters - repo 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
Anti- Imperialist U: Hugo Turner: Deep Politics of Iran/Contra V.2    Fascism  Ukraine…  
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
Baghdad will need substantial investments in its  water supply &amp;  wastewater treatment systems over the next 20 years. A  …
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSyria   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
Conservative Tribune | A Marine vet actually had to be EVACUATED...  DonaldJ.Trump  temporarytravelban  Iraq…  
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
No coincidence  
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
Amaq:  ISIS killed 2  SDF members by detonating an explosive device in al-Bahra village in eastern  DeirEzzor,…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
The Islamist-Leftist Alliance. Based on a common hatred of Western values  Islam  Muslim  Islamophobia  tcot  ISIS  
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda…  
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda…  
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda…  
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib…   
Super Bowl Approves Killing Kurds  
Must-read a icle on  Yazidi women's perceptions of journalistic practices in repo ing on  ISIS sexual violence by Johann…
Brussels  Jihad 101: The Books At The Core Of  Daesh Recruitment  
What is happening with  ISIS  Taliban  BokoHaram etc is the mischief of  AntiChrist  Dajjal Mischief within  Islam
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
Tender for Supply of Neutralizer for Boiler Feed Water
Boycott Crazies    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
Anti- Imperialist U: Liberation of  Aleppo Revenge of  ISIS    Ukraine  Russia  Donbass  UK…  
ISIS releases photos showing the destruction caused by  America|n air raids on the town of  Shafaa in eastern…  
The RCMP believes Khadar Khalib went to fight for ISIS in Syria or Iraq. Canada hasn't added his name to the UN sanction…
The rise and fall of  IslamicState's  propaganda machine :  ISIS has used online propaganda like no other…  
Anti- Imperialist U: Interview with Douglas Valentine: The  CIA As Organized Crime    Vietnam…  
This is your army ?   /  
Amaq: 30 more people, mostly women and children, were killed by the continuous  America|n air strikes targeting…   
This is your army ?   /  
ISIS releases photos showing the clashes with the  SDF in the village of al-Bahra and the use of mo ars and heavy…  
Turkey's  Erdogan administration is a terrorist regime.  
how you feel having   compare your immigrant family to  ISIS combatants?  I’m furious!  vacuous
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSyria https… 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  Fre… 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSy… 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  Fre… 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSyr… 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSyri… 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSyria… 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSyria… 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSyr… 
Amaq:  ISIS killed 2  Iraq|i border guards and injured others by detonating an explosive device near the  Syria/ Iraq bo…
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeS… 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSyri… 
Super Bowl Approves Killing Kurds  
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSyr… 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeS… 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSyr… 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeS… 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeS… 
The Islamist-Leftist Alliance. Based on a common hatred of Western values  Islam  Muslim  Islamophobia  tcot  ISIS…  
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSyria… 
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda…  
Taliban exposed in great details by Younus AlGohar   Videos mostly in  Urdu some with  English subtitle…
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  Free… 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeS… 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSyr… 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSyria http… 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSyr… 
Syria-n airforce spies reveal their presence at key  AlQaeda stronghold in  Idlib near  Turkey  
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSyria h… 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSy… 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSy… 
.    If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other    With_Idlib  FreeSyria… 
ISIS  Taliban  BokoHaram  AlShabab  AlQaeda  AlNusrah  HTS  Terrorism will reach unprecedented levels that world w…  
Muslim rapist sues state for not providing halal meals in jail    Islam  Islamic  Hijrah
YounusAlGohar Explains The True Concept of Imam Mehdi ImamMehdi  ImamMahdi  JesusChrist…  
NO COINCIDENCE, DOES NOT EXIST!!   
In the name of Allah ==&gt; The  IslamicState’s toxic farewell: Environmental sabotage and chronic disease    Iraq
Exactly! BHO bombed the open Dese , he was not trying to wipe out  ISIS   
Watch True Concept of Imam Mehdi vs  Wahhabi Fallacy  YounusAlGohar Wahhabism…  
ownsendAU: The Islamist-Leftist Alliance. Based on a common hatred of Western values  Islam  Muslim  Islamophobia  tcot  ISIS htt…
IRAQ: CRIME OF THE CENTURY —    
Muslim rapist sues state for not providing halal meals in jail    Islam  Islamic  Hijrah
.   PrinceHarry its impo ant 4u 2know that   Veterans REALENEMY is not  ISIS but   who's…  
What is  , the symbol of Islamic Supremacist anti-West symbolism doing at the  SuperBowl? Shame on…   
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda…  
Amaq:  ISIS killed 2 members of the  SDF, injured 7 others and seized a bulldozer during clashes in the vicinity of al-B… 
How come Hussein didn't defeat  ISIS?  Ahhhh...you haven't thought that one through...   - Dr. Michael Savage, The…   
America must fight  wars to win.  If not, DON'T send  USA Men &amp; Women to die.    tcot…   
ERDOGAN LEGALIZES  PEDOPHILIA
TURKISH STATE INSTITUTION SAYS GIRLS CAN MARRY &amp; GET PREGNANT AGED 9
Here is proof that  ISIS are NOT  Islamic watch video carefully Does The  Quran Promote Violence?…  
Daesh: What do young British  Muslim think about the Caliphate?  
Book culture returns to Iraq's post-extremist Mosul - Jordan Times    iraq  news
The Islamic State's toxic farewell: Environmental sabotage and chronic disease…    iraq  news
The Islamic State's toxic farewell: Environmental sabotage and chronic disease…    iraq  news
American Patriots knew Obama was funding global terrorism and ISIS  
Iraq to launch security operation against White Banners group, but who are they? 
Present from ISIS chan
ownsendAU: Stoking fear of an anti-Muslim backlash after an attack. A very common MSM strategy  Islam  Muslim  Islamophobia  tcot…
Leadership lessons from the battlefield to the office with  Iraq vet   in this episode    MBA
Not even in the mainstream press...  
Hmm.   had basically the same headline Dec. 19: How  ISIS Members Fled The Caliphate, Perhaps To Fight…   
PMF does this to everyone that isn't a shia arab  
TRUE HISTORY    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Jihad  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan
Facebook EXCLUDES Israel ‘Country’ Option – Includes Fake Terror-State ‘Palestine’    Islam  Islamic  Hijrah
UNICEF  Iraq is requesting $101 million for 2018 to meet the humanitarian needs of Mariam and Hala and more than 4 million o…
Hmm.   had basically the same headline Dec. 19: How  ISIS Members Fled The Caliphate, Perhaps To Fight Another… 
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
Three blogs with highly classified secrets of United States of America . At current condition of humanity they will…  
son3…  
Can't believe this is happening in India. Shame!  
son3  …
OMG! At least people should realize the threat that  LoveJihad possess to the country!  
ISIS militants torched oil wells as they fled  Iraq, leaving behind a toxic and deadly legacy   
Disgraceful and a slap in the face of all  Veterans and American soldiers killed by  ISIS.    …  
*** Canadians WAKE UP ***
Iraq Condemns Turkey's Attacks in Afrin, Syria    iraq  news 
Killed for having pubic hair. The ‘Perfect Example’ in action  Islam  Muslim  Islamophobia  ISIS   http…
A PM who compares  Isis to  Italianimmigrants and treat  Veterans with such di…
Excerpt from BBC's new 3 pa  documentary on the House of Saud. This clip shows how weapons that were found in ISIS locati…
Tracing the roots of European terror: What led a young Belgian to become an  ISIS terrorist    
Now even kids TV is full of terrorists.  ISIS  HelloAkbar  JihadistDictator
Wow this is a serious accusation from a sitting MP... plus it's a lie!
Syrian special forces investigating downed Russian jet in Idlib  Iran  Syria  Iraq  Ksa  Uk  
'UK cabinet more united on Brexit than critics think'  Iran  Syria  Iraq  Ksa  Uk  
America secretly allied with  Iran “ Obama administration” bt  Israeli familiar with American policymaking. long li…  
Prepare For  Daesh Massacres In The  USA If  Obama Gets His Way  
OSN spo s  WeAreNATO hashtag, while  AngelinaJolie is lobbing for war against sexual violence, echoing the war on terro… 
Now even kids TV is full of terrorists.  ISIS  JihadistDictator
hope they include why social media is not doing enough to reduce extre…  
Pro- ISIS Moata agency also released a statement saying flour was distributed to people in southern  Idlib countrys…  
Anti- Imperialist U: Interview with Douglas Valentine: The  CIA As Organized Crime    Vietnam  Ir…
Anti- Imperialist U: Liberation of  Aleppo Revenge of  ISIS    Ukraine  Russia  Donbass  UK  US  …
Anti- Imperialist U: Doug Valentine on the  CIA Drugs &amp;  Media    Vietnam  Iraq  Syria  Russia  F…
(Canada Free Press): Trudeau compares  ISIS fighters to Greek, Italian, Po uguese.. 
Anti- Imperialist U: Hugo Turner: Deep Politics of Iran/Contra V.2    Fascism  Ukraine  Russia  I…

She was our hero against  Isis . We owe her to defend  Afrin SEHID NAMIRIN  AfrinResistance  

Dr. Sebastian Gorka:  Iraq Collapse, America's Interests   
Pro- ISIS Moata agency also released a statement saying flour was distributed to people in southern  Idlib countryside…
Terrorist Turkish state attacking Kurds who have been fighting against  ISIS  terrorists for years.
Erdogan  AKP are mother of  ISIS and  terorist organization in  MiddleEast that’s notice for  HumanRights  USA…  
There is no  FSA but various  ISIS gangs controlled by  terrorist  turkey
If  US really wants to bring down  ISIS
Ignore this,   et al, 
Ghost Rider Radio™ Survival Edition is out!   Top  Terrorism News Stories via    isis
The  IslamicState  footprint on  Iraq’s  environment may be unprecedented and permanent,with a toxic legacy that in…   
Just a reminder to my fellow Italians,   actually tried to compare our grandparents to  ISIS fighters.…   
Hitler invaded other countries. Merkel allowed her own country to be invaded. Good luck Germany. There is 1,400 years of h… 
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
However, when it came to suppo ing Israeli Jews he turned his back on them   
Since  Isis are fucked, within the next 30 mins my profile will be a random selfie for 1 hour. Nil but very old pic…   
However, when it came to suppo ing Israeli Jews he turned his back on them   
PR No.67245: Blowing
A very impo ant message for international community plz read &amp;  share  ISIS  IS  ISIL  BokoHaram…
The Secular India is moving fast towards becoming an Islamic State. Where womens are used as sex slaves.  
: Since  Isis are fucked, within the next 30 mins my profile will be a random selfie for 1 hour. Nil but very old pics were… 
TERROR NATION    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Jihad  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan
Watch True Concept of Imam Mehdi vs  Wahhabi Fallacy  YounusAlGohar Wahhabism  SaudiArabia  Calipha…
A very impo ant message for international community plz read &amp;  share  ISIS  IS  ISIL  BokoHar…
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda  AlN…
A very impo ant message for international community plz read &amp;  share  ISIS  IS  ISIL  BokoHaram  …
What is happening with  ISIS  Taliban  BokoHaram  AlShabab  IslamicState  ISIL  IS  AlQaeda  AlN…
What is happening with  ISIS  Taliban  BokoHaram  AlShabab  IslamicState  ISIL  IS  AlQaeda  AlNusr…
Is  Islam A  Religion Of Peace? Quran  Muhammad  Wahhabi  Ahmadiyya  ReligionOfPeace  Wahhabi…
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim  Salafism  …
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim  Salafism  …
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim  Salafism  De…
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim  Salafism  Deo…
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim  Salafism  …
YounusAlGohar Explains The True Concept of Imam Mehdi ImamMehdi  ImamMahdi  JesusChrist  Israel…
Is  Islam A  Religion Of Peace? Quran  Muhammad  Wahhabi  Ahmadiyya  ReligionOfPeace  Wahhabism  IS…
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim  Salafi…
Every single individual will have to play a role in combatting evil  ISIS    ISIL  IS  Daesh  Syri…
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda  AlN…
YounusAlGohar Explains The True Concept of Imam Mehdi ImamMehdi  ImamMahdi  JesusChrist  Is…
CC :  Supreme Cou  of India,  Hadia   
A very impo ant message for international community plz read &amp;  share  ISIS  IS  ISIL  BokoHaram  D…
Watch True Concept of Imam Mehdi vs  Wahhabi Fallacy  YounusAlGohar Wahhabism  SaudiArabia  Calip…
Watch True Concept of Imam Mehdi vs  Wahhabi Fallacy  YounusAlGohar Wahhabism  SaudiArabia  C…
Watch True Concept of Imam Mehdi vs  Wahhabi Fallacy  YounusAlGohar Wahhabism  SaudiArabia  C…
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda  AlNusra…
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda  AlNusrah…
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda  AlNusra…
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda  AlNusrah  …
ISIS militants torched oil wells as they fled  Iraq, leaving behind a toxic and deadly legacy   
15+ videos explaining various verses of  Quran in great details  Koran  Muslim  ExMuslim  Sala…
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda  AlNusra…
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda…  
Leaked Video Shows US Contractors Randomly Killing Iraqi Civilians:    Blackwater  Iraq  Afghanistan  NATO
The Islamic State's toxic farewell: Environmental sabotage and chronic disease…    iraq  news
The Islamic State's toxic farewell: Environmental sabotage and chronic disease…    iraq  news
The Islamic State's toxic farewell: Environmental sabotage and chronic disease…    iraq  news
The search for the Iranian-Israeli hostility will not be found outside  Twitter, New York  Times and  CNN 😂   
isis wing in the majlis  parliament  MaldivesCrisis  
🔴REMEMBER THEIR KIDS ARE TRAINING TO KILL YOUR KIDS 🔴
this is child abuse  
This  Clown should be put in Jail!! He allowed  ISIS to flourish!!
Know Truth More    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
Every single individual will have to play a role in combatting evil  ISIS    ISIL  IS  Daesh…  
I ce ainly doubt it...  
isis wing in the majlis  parliament  MaldivesCrisis  
If   loves  ISIS so much maybe we should send him moslem  beheading videos until he understands why we…  
Obama : We're laying the foundation for the next President!
I respectfully disagree. These men are following Islam, Quran and MO. Hezbollah, Hamas, ISIS, Taliban are all sons…   
How to Pronounce Broke Ass Nigga ↺ ❤    dork  bonehead  outoffunds  n.o.b.  flatbroke  half-…  
This is an advice from the  Prophet Muhammad peace be upon Him. A useful one for each situation and for everyone even non…
WHO'RE ye friends?  
At least someones got a plan... send that Dute e fella over here...  this mob only know how to kiss Jihadi Ass. We…  
Full RSS spinner, generate rss feed with  seo friendly spun  content    WriteA icle…   
Who knew?  When will we see  AnthonyBourdain or  RickSteves in  Kurdistan?  
Iraq,  SaudiArabia expresses full of being such a question.  MediaWatch 
TraitorMcCain  McCain  Traitor  ForeignAgent  Sedition  DeepState  Whore $ by  Soros  Rothschild  Alwaleed SA…  
proud to announce Ms.Nur Hijrah, first woman umpire in MCA tournament. Congratulations Ms Nur Hijr…   
IslamicState    Poetry like prose style site:What happened to  womenspower in the past 2-3000yrs when  faith ruled  
Retweeted Serena Shim's mother ( ):
Another major difference is that POTUS (and by now much of GOP) are in the tank for Putin  
Danger near you    Aljazeera  Iraq  Iran  Sirya  Egypt  Arab  UAE  Islam  Muslim  Quran  Saudi  Yemen  Afganistan  AFP
GenPrev is out!   Stories via    chuckjohnson  isis
He stopped tweeting also. All coincidence I'm sure.
Isis ‘far from finished’ as jihadi fighters regroup in  Syria  
Cowards
🎖 
SalahAbdeslam:  Paris attacks suspect to go on trial in Belgium  ISIS
Just a reminder to my fellow Italians,   actually tried to compare our grandparents to  ISIS fighters. Such… 
ISIS, Italy and why Islam is ‘not the problem’. Insider interview with   and   from…   
Paris attack suspect  SalahAbdeslam silent as trial begins in  Brussels |  Belgium  terrorism  ISIS  Bruxelles  justice…
AFGHANISTAN
AmericaSuppo sTerrorism the US
Mali :  AlQaeda and  IslamicState -affiliated groups are cooperating
Jaish al-Nasr, the group that shot down the Russian jet today and executed the pilot like  ISIS, was an  FSA group armed wit… 
Forced to flee Saddam Hussein's regime, endured an Australian detention centre, then eventually trained as a surgeo…   
This practice has been done by Turkish Army since 1990s  
ISIS leader’s real Name is Simon Elliot a Jewish born Citizen  
Mali :  AlQaeda and  IslamicState -affiliated groups are cooperating
This practice has been done by Turkish Army since 1990s  
JUST IN:  Iraq government spokesman tells   that drawdown of US forces from Iraq has sta ed following victory de…  
Airstrikes killed 25  ISIS militants in  Achin district of  Nangarhar province.  ISPK  IslamicState  IS  Terrorism  Afghanistan  AFG
URGENT:  Iraq confirms US sta ed drawdown after declaring victory over  Daesh  
The source of this information is, of course,  AlQaeda 
TAKENOTE    
After defeat of  ISIS, US redeploying forces from  Iraq to Afghanistan - Fox News   
cdnpoli Holy shit,  this guy is an MP, I thought he was just a run of the mill racist, but he is a professional stirring… 
17 little or experienced?  QandA with  Japan kills  Daesh by Rupe  Murdoch's   Faux News    qanda was outed in questions! Another IPA stooges 
ISIS Police officer killed, conscript wounded in bomb blast, south of Kirkuk   
After defeat of  ISIS, US redeploying forces from  Iraq to Afghanistan - Fox News   
Pete ownsend7: PC 'Logic' and Islam  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
Israel and  Egypt in secret pact against  ISIS  
“A clash has taken place between the  LashkareIslami militants and loyalists of the  IslamicState terrorist group i…  
There is a simple answer STAND UP FOR YOUR ALLIES and Turkey is NOT an ally the Kurds are.NATO members should stand…  
After defeat of  ISIS, US redeploying forces from  Iraq to Afghanistan - Fox News 
PM  ’s gov announced that   sta ed to reduce US troops in  Iraq following victory over  ISIS  
Graphic
There is a simple answer STAND UP FOR YOUR ALLIES and Turkey is NOT an ally the Kurds are.NATO members should stand up and…
CentralAsia:Is  ISIS globally trained,equipped &amp; supplied to  ConflictZones(@ Iraq, Libya, Syria, Afghanistan)/b a…   
Afghanistan)/b a mys…
Putin/Assad war crimes continue!  
“A Silab Corps in a statement said at least three  LashkareIslami and six  ISIS militants were among those killed.”
Amaq: 11 civilians were killed and 7 injured as a result of  America|n bombing on a hospital while targeting  ISIS posit…
“The statement fu her added that three  LashkareIslam and four  ISIS militants have also sustained injuries during the clash.”
Amaq:  ISIS killed 2  SDF members by detonating an explosive device in al-Bahra village in eastern  DeirEzzor,  Syria. h… 
Amaq: 30 more people, mostly women and children, were killed by the continuous  America|n air strikes targeting  ISIS po… 
Sons mourn their fathers.
US generals
Indian365News US forces  begin withdrawing from  Iraq after defeat of  ISIL,   Iraqi government spokesman says   
The downing of the plane is small thing, comparing with a Turkish war, that Russia turned a blind e…   
NE.  Hama-SE.  Idlib: fierce clashes on several fronts between Regime &amp;  ISIS. 1st one took back few locations incl. Abu…
Pete ownsend7: On Islam and Hate Speech  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
Pete ownsend7: Sexual Slavery and ISIS  Islam  Islamophobia  Muslim  pjnet 
The downing of the plane is small thing, comparing with a Turkish war, that Russia turned a blind eye… 
Desh24News US forces  begin withdrawing from  Iraq after defeat of  ISIL,   Iraqi government spokesman says   
BBCWorld:   sommervilletv: US drawdown after Iraq declares victory over IS. But CJTFOIR continues international ef…  
LiveKhabar24   sommervilletv: US drawdown after Iraq declares victory over IS. But CJTFOIR continues internationa…  
SAA and allies capture Masarran - Buyud Safaf - Abo al-Kheir villages after clashes with  ISIS  in no h-east  Hama countrys…
After defeat of  ISIS, US redeploying forces from  Iraq to Afghanistan - Fox News 
IRAQ:  American troops begin pulling out of  Iraq after victory declaration over  Daesh.
That's six  
The  Washington_Post:  ISIS’s toxic farewell.. Environmental sabotage and chronic disease
government is now  ISIS Handler
The 'middle eastern' men in the image
Afghanistan is not wo h one American life.
Afghanistan. The  IslamicState killed 14-year-old Khudai's father. Now the survival of his five younger sisters and m…
SYRIA: After  Syrian regime carried about bombing and operations on  Idlib region, fighting has been turned back to…   
In the aftermath of Russian  SU25 downing massive  RuAF and Syrian Airforce bombing campaign in  Idlib province rep…  
TRUDEAUMANIA Canada’s PM Unbalanced? Decisions make no sense.  ISIS  TAX  ETHICS  HIJABHOAX  FGM  VETERANS…  
Thousands of Yezidi, Kurd, Turkmen, Arab people escaped from terrorist organization  PYD  YPG  YPG   PKK  DEASH,  ISIS,  YPJ… 
The  Washington_Post:  ISIS’s toxic farewell.. Environmental sabotage and chronic disease
Amtrak  AmtrakCrash  Derailment  Syria  GasATTack is all  FakeNews for  Agenda  Trump  Israel is  ISIS  
Amtrak  AmtrakCrash  Derailment  Syria  GasATTack is all  FakeNews for  Agenda  Trump  Israel is  ISIS   via  
HTS= AlQaeda  AlQaida fights the  Kurds in Syria's no h with the blessings of the  Turkish army  
Amtrak  AmtrakCrash  Derailment  Syria  GasATTack is all  FakeNews for  Agenda  Trump  Israel is  ISIS   via  
ISIS paid for its terror machine from Syria's oilfields, cross border drug smugglers &amp; exploiting the civilians. B…   
NEW THREAD -  ISIS offensive vs Rebels in  Hama -  Syria
TRUDEAU THREW🇺🇸👼GrGrMa  Christian   👉🇨🇦PRISON2HIDE  SecretIllegalCrownCou  HAS NO ORIGINATING PROCESS N…  
Alternative headline:
I'm beyond ashamed and embarrassed that such a moron was ever elected in my country.
WATCH: Shocking aftermath of  Mosul liberation captured on extremely graphic video    Iraq…  
We want peace  Iraq  USA  
.  Tax-Payers'-Funded  ISIS is DEAD
Trinidad's  jihadis: how tiny nation became  Isis recruiting ground  
US forces begin withdrawing from  Iraq after defeat of  ISIL,  Iraqi government spokesman   US forces begin… 
I'm beyond ashamed and embarrassed that such a moron was ever elected in my country.
IslamicState threatens  Iran from 'Tora Bora' borderlands  
IslamicState threatens  Iran from 'Tora Bora' borderlands  
Trinidad: How a Tiny Nation Became ISIS Recruiting Ground    Islam  Islamic  Hijrah
ISIS caboodle – Headed which way?
TRUDEAU THREW🇺🇸👼GrGrMa  Christian   👉🇨🇦PRISON2HIDE  SecretIllegalCrownCou  HAS NO ORIGINATING PROCESS NO ORIGIN…
Anarchy in  Afghanistan: the failed state keeps failing    Daesh  Taliban  
By launching  Afrin invasion  Erdogan and  Turkey are making it crystal clear that they have joined  ISIS. They are…  
Exactly and them moving them all to Afghanistan. Unbelievable  
Oneway Ticket Guantanamo  
USA intended that  Iraq would be captured by  Daesh
Alternative headline:
Returnees Defected from  Daesh or Simply Returned, and for How Long?– Challenges for the West in Dealing with Retu…   
Gujarat-born woman was to be sold off to  ISIS -  TimesofIndia  Syria  MohammedRiyaz    
Did French FM encourage  LafargeHolcim cement giant to 'pay off'  Daesh?   
Gujarat-born woman was to be sold off to  ISIS -  TimesofIndia  MohammedRiyaz  Syria    
Trinidad: How a Tiny Nation Became ISIS Recruiting Ground    Islam  Islamic  Hijrah
It’s all lies.…  
More  IslamicState  jihadis now in  UK 🇬🇧 than  Britons in  Syria fighting the  IslamicState 🙄🙄🙄🙄
ISIS caboodle – Headed which way?
have you ever been so retarded that you decide to align a fucking airline company with an already dead and irreleva…  
IslamicState threatens  Iran from 'Tora Bora' borderlands    
Nothing to do with Islam and there is no  LoveJihad  
Did French FM encourage  LafargeHolcim cement giant to 'pay off'  Daesh? 
Idlib is an  AlQaeda enclave but the fluid reality of Islamist allegiances facilitates a natural refuge for   defec…   
Breaking: Syrian Army scores major advance in  ISIS-held  Hama, many areas liberated    Syria 
📌“The repo  issued by  Iran’s Ministry of Interior noted in 2014: ‘Many  Salafist  Iranian Kurds have announced th…  
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly     OpISIS  opDaesh  daesh  opjihadi
IslamicState threatens  Iran from 'Tora Bora' borderlands    
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly     OpISIS  opDaesh  daesh  opjihadi
TheArabSource   Breaking: Syrian Army scores major advance in  ISIS-held  Hama, many areas liberated    Syria   
Shocking Aftermath of  Mosul Liberation Captured on Extremely Graphic VIDEO  UnitedStates  ISIS...…  
IslamicState threatens  Iran from 'Tora Bora' borderlands    
There's no such thing as  Islamophobia
Breaking: Syrian Army scores major advance in  ISIS-held  Hama, many areas liberated    Syria 
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly     OpISIS  opDaesh  daesh  opjihadi
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly   …  
“In the future we will witness a large number of  Iranian Kurds... joining  IslamicState.”
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly   …  
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly   …  
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly   …  
In the aftermath of Russian  SU25 downing massive  RuAF and Syrian Airforce bombing campaign in  Idlib province repo ed b…
'Judge me': Paris suspect refuses to answer Belgian cou ISIS
Look at this flaming homo who is suppo ing those who would kill him in less than a minute.  He should go to Iran a…  
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly   …  
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly     OpISIS  opDaesh  daesh  opjihadi
I find it very interesting at  ISIS has repo edly run out of money and that…  
A large number of  Kurdish fighters in  Syria are fighting against the  Assad regime,  Daesh, and the  PYD/ PKK. Ku…   
ISIS  beaten, U.S. troops repo edly sta   Iraq drawdown - Feb 5 @ 7:19 AM ET    
Breaking: Syrian Army scores major advance in  ISIS-held  Hama, many areas liberated    Syria 
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly   …  
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly   …  
There's no such thing as  Islamophobia, it's all about  IslamoFascism. 
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly   …  
FFS !!!!! What a turd Assange is 💩💩💩💩  
US forces begin withdrawing from  Iraq after defeat of  ISIL,  Iraqi government spokesman   US forces begin… 
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly     OpISIS  opDaesh  daesh  opjihadi
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly     OpISIS  opDaesh  daesh  opjihadi
US  military sta ed pulling its forces from American coalition base in  Iraq, shifting them to  Afghanistan after…   
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly   …  
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly     OpISIS…  
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly     OpISIS  opDaesh  daesh  opjihadi
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly     OpISIS…  
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly     OpISIS…  
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly   …  
U.S. sta s  major Iraqtroopdrawdown after declaration of victory over  ISIS  UnitedStates    
IslamicState threatens  Iran from 'Tora Bora' borderlands    
Israel and  Egypt form 'secret alliance' to wipe out Egyptian  Jihadists  ISIS
Nope. 🇺🇸🇺🇸   uohV
US sta s  Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over  ISIS  
'When we examine the explosives, the types of mines, shells and weapons they use, our expe s tell us that a fairly…   
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly   …  
RIP  DISS NHS  BHM  UB=2N♡1  ThePowerOfLove Nothing's Changed  LinQue Breathe, Spit, Don't Stop  LetItFall…   
&lt; 😡 Useless daesh terror propaganda pls suspend rapidly   …  
The official letter of  sdf to  ypg  ypj in  afrin about 3 days of heavy fighting against i…  
“Some girls slit wrists, some killed themselves jumping from rooftops to escape  ISIS rape, to ure and slavery” | Yaz… 
Saudi Author Turki Al Hamad Our Youth Are Brainwashed- Must stop  ISIS Ideology at the roots  
‘Quiet’ Muslim Man Who Used Delivery Van to Plow Pedestrians Gets Reduced Sentence of Four Years…  
CBSNews | After carving out a self-styled Muslim   caliphate,    ISIS...  Iraq  Syria 
ISIS beaten, U.S. troops repo edly sta   Iraq drawdown  UnitedStates 
US forces begin withdrawing from  Iraq after defeat of  ISIL,  Iraqi government spokesman   
hey  ISIS fanboys, u guys still here? I have one question. where is Bagdadi? 
Militant groups in  WestAfrica are using increased suppo  from  AlQaeda and  IslamicState  
Syrian   activists  : 2 hospitals hit. 
Syrian   activists  : 2 hospitals hit. 
The  UK has donated an additional £1m to   to suppo  the clearance of  Daesh IEDs &amp; mines from critical infrastructure i…
Available in Libya - yes-. What's also worrisome is that there are a lot of parallels to be drawn from t…  
You  Can  not  Stop  Us
4got  turkey
US sta s  Iraq drawdown after defeat of  IslamicState group  
IslamicState threatens  Iran from 'Tora Bora' borderlands - Reuters  
The stain can’t give them any more money  
From Iraq to Afghanistan &amp; beyond, IF U sadly get your  news from  USA's b-s Corp. MSM like  MorningJoe or  FoxNews, t… 
US sta s  Iraq drawdown after defeat of  IslamicState group  
Interpol Repo : 50 Suspected  ISIS Fighters Infiltrated  Italy, May Aim To Strike Across Europe?…   
Airstrikes on rebel-held areas proved of no effect taking tolls on  Civilians. Campaign against  ISIS needs gun ba…  
IslamicState threatens  Iran from 'Tora Bora' borderlands - Reuters  
4got  turkey,   Jordan,   US,  Isreal all hv been aiding ISIS n other jehadis while  Asad  Russia  Iran… 
IS uses drone to film SVBIED attack Al-Bahrah DeZ Syria  
RIP  DISS NHS  BHM  UB=2N♡1  ThePowerOfLove Nothing's Changed  LinQue Breathe, Spit, Don't Stop  LetItFall  StateOfMin… 
Syria  Hama  EasternHama  No hEasternHama  Tiger_Forces  SAA  SyrianArabArmy  SyrianArmy Photos taken during the…  
Syria  Hama  EasternHama  No hEasternHama  Tiger_Forces  SAA  SyrianArabArmy  SyrianArmy Photos taken during the…  
Apparently,  SAA ground troops are also involved in clearing out the  IslamicState pocket in Hama/Idlib   
US sta s  Iraq drawdown after defeat of  IslamicState group  
Haftar’s Islamic extremists. The tactics, the language, the ideology...all hallmarks of  ISIS. Haftar is  Libya’s…   
Truth is ponti is an pedophile suppo er of  isis. Antichrist
Last tweet   Highway to Hell   
US forces begin withdrawing from  Iraq after defeat of  ISIL,  Iraqi government spokesman   US forces begin… 
ISIS beaten,  American troops repo edly sta   Iraq drawdown.   
Moneybags Miliband (with Harriet) is responsible for changing Charlotteville by changing the people…  
IslamicState threatens  Iran from 'Tora Bora' borderlands - Reuters    
Militant groups in West  Africa are using increased suppo  from  alQaeda and  IslamicState   via  
After defeat of  ISIS, US redeploying forces from  Iraq to Afghanistan 
Apparently,  SAA ground troops are also involved in clearing out the  IslamicState pocket in Hama/Idlib   
ISIS have released pictures showing a SVBIED attack on  SDF near Al-Bahrah village in  DeirEzzor -  Syria  
Calling ALL Ex  Muslims &amp; Non Muslims to  WWW.ALRATV.UK  ExMuslim  ISIS  Taliban  AlQaeda  AlNus…
He has a wife and a 4 year old daughter who were waiting for him, RIP. to those of you who don't know.…   
BLACKLISTER pro-Daech!  ISIS  OpISIS  OpJihad
US sta s  Iraq drawdown after defeat of  IslamicState group    
Islamist militants in West Africa’s  Sahel are using increased suppo  from  AlQaeda &amp;  ISIS and enhanced cooperation among th…
Birds of a feather, eh? Coincidence? Gotta love one criminal tweeting openly to another, COMFO ABLE Trumps…   
BLACKLISTER pro-Daech!  ISIS  OpISIS  OpJihad
I find it very interesting at  ISIS has repo edly run out of money and that   is no longer in office. C…  
ISIS have released pictures showing a SVBIED attack on  SDF near Al-Bahrah village in  DeirEzzor -  Syria  
ISIS beaten, US troops repo edly sta   Iraq drawdown - CBS News   
DNC is out of money too. Interesting.  
US troops redeploy from  Iraq_to_Afghanistan
Egypt Says  Daesh and  MuslimBrotherhood Share Ideology: One America News  
Army expands control in Hama no heastern countryside
6 more  ISIS  terror leaders have been killed  TCOT  
BLACKLISTER pro-Daech!  ISIS  OpISIS  OpJihad…  
Somehow Turkey had no need of a 30 KM buffer zone when  ISIS or  AlQaeda were right on the border (and passing back and f…
ISIS beaten, US troops repo edly sta   Iraq drawdown - CBS News   
Baghdad Denies Collective Punishment of  ISIS Families  
Some of us slit wrists to escape them:  Yezidi women who escaped the jaws of  ISIS seek India's suppo .
I am unarmed and I am not afraid - God's Word on my tongue is sharper than the steel of their two-edged blade  ISIS  
ISIS beaten, US troops repo edly sta   Iraq drawdown - CBS News   
US sta s  Iraq drawdown after defeat of  IslamicState group    
PHOTOS: Christians hold mass in former ISIS-stronghold for first time in five years in Syria's east    SY…
DNC is out of money too. Interesting.  
Fyi. What this arse is up to...  
TRUMP Implies  ISRAEL Funds  ISIS!
Stockholm  terror suspect had contact with 'high-ranking  ISIS members': repo   
Baghdad Denies Collective Punishment of  ISIS Families  
ISIS beaten, US troops repo edly sta   Iraq drawdown - CBS News 
Why  Turkey's battle for no hern  Syria matters -   on the war in Syria and it´s future:   Anyone who thought…   
ISIS claims  SVBIED operation with Toyota light armoured pickup against  SDF  near al-Bahra town, eastern…   
A former German Rapper-Turned-IS Pitchman Repo edly Killed in  Syria    germany  islamicstate  rappers
Afghanistan : clash among Lashkar-e-Islam and  IslamicState leaves 9 dead in Nangarhar
France: 15 Muslim migrants rob and beat two men, media totally silent    Islam  Islamic  Hijrah 
IslamicState threatens  Iran from 'Tora Bora' borderlands - Reuters  
Here is proof that  ISIS are NOT  Islamic watch video carefully Does The  Quran Promote Violence?…  
ISIS claims its terrorist carried out  SVBIED operation with Toyota light armored pickup against  SDF HQ near al-B…  
ISIS claims its terrorist carried out  SVBIED operation with Toyota light armored pickup against  SDF HQ near al-B…  
Daesh threatens  Iran from ‘Tora Bora’ borderlands.  
That and that ISIS and the DNC has run out of money at the same time.  
The  Daesh Threat to  Hamas by   &amp;  
SAA &amp; Allies liberated Buyud Saffaf, Abu al Kheir, Wadi Jahannam, Dhabi`iyah from  ISIS terrorists in no h east o…   
The Turks want to give another chance to ISIS to grow again. Before the Turkish invasion, we were very close to finishin… 
The  Daesh Threat to  Hamas by   &amp;  
Spirituality: The Core of All  Religions Islam  Judaism  Christianity  Wahhabism  ISIS…  
8 News Now | With the  Iraqigovernment proclaiming  ISIS is contained,...  Afghanistan 
ISIS beaten, US troops repo edly sta   Iraq drawdown - CBS News 
Here's your  MondayMotivation thought for the day.  ObamaGate  DrainTheSwamp  
From Iraq to Afghanistan, if U are getting views &amp;  news from Corp. MSM like  MorningJoe or  FoxNews etc., consider th… 
ISIS claims its terrorist carried out  SVBIED operation with Toyota light armored pickup against  SDF HQ near al-Bahra town…
SAA Liberates 4 Villages From  ISIS In No heastern  Hama (Map)   via  
I know everyone is all about the Superbowl but this shouldn't be ignored.  
so  ISIS is still a thing
The  ISIS SVBIED attack on  SDF took place near near Al-Bahrah village in  DeirEzzor -  Syria  
is praying for  isis/ erdogan.
Islamic Judiciary &amp;  ISIS IslamicState  ISIL  Daesh  Iraq  Syria  Libya  Yemen…  
U.S. sta s  Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over  IslamicState    
Why don’t those innocent  Muslims turn them in to authorities? When there is enough of them it always becomes an…  
Airforces of US, Russia, Syria, Egypt, Emirates and many more are daily striking  Daesh in  Bukamal and  Mayadeen,…   
Trump  Uses  ISIS to  Legitimize  US Occupation of the  Middle East  
I do applaud   and the townhall meetings. I do think it was a SHOW that he cares for average Canadians…  
YounusAlGohar Explains The True Concept of Imam Mehdi ImamMehdi  ImamMahdi  JesusChrist…  
YounusAlGohar Explains The True Concept of Imam Mehdi ImamMehdi  ImamMahdi  JesusChrist…  
The  ISIS SVBIED attack on  SDF took place near Al-Bahrah village in  DeirEzzor -  Syria  
IslamicState threatens  Iran from 'Tora Bora' borderlands - Reuters    
What's Not in a Name: US Role in  Philippines Anti- ISIS Fight    
IslamicState threatens  Iran from 'Tora Bora' borderlands - Reuters  
IslamicState threatens  Iran from 'Tora Bora' borderlands - Reuters    
Oh dear.
Here's some footage from  Demazang in  Kabul: Afghans, specifically the Shia  Hazara community pray/read Quran afte…   
Baghdad Denies Collective Punishment of  ISIS Families    
In the previous administration Opposite World made parodies truth.
U.S. sta s  Iraq drawdown after declaration of victory over  IslamicState    
U.S. Drawing Down  Military Presence in  Iraq After  ISIS Defeated -  
This isn't new - it's been pushed by those driving the C- ISIS campaign for 12+months.
1/2.  Maliha  Lodhi's statement that  ISIS gaining ground in Afghanistan is deceptive. Pakistan itself has provided ISIS sa…
It's  Official: Trump DEMOLISHES  ISIS in  Iraq - Humiliates Obama!    
You are so correct!  
-   - Retweet -   - **…  
-   - Retweet -   - ** Try a 15-Day Supply of V…  
ISIS beaten, US troops repo edly sta   Iraq drawdown - CBS News 
Two days ago  ISIS also struck  SDF near Al-Bahrah village in  DeirEzzor with a SVBIED as shown below -  Syria  
We have all witnessed what the  FSA &amp;  Turkey have done to the body of a Kurdish woman fighter. This is an act of  ISIS.   
